
[chapeau and introduction]

In order to effectively utilize account resources and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of users, we have formulated the Rules for Account Management of Six Rooms (hereinafter referred to as the "Rules"). Please be sure to read and fully understand the contents of the terms, especially the terms of exemption or limitation of liability, as well as the separate agreement on the opening or use of a service, and choose to accept or not accept. Limitations and exclusions of liability may be bolded for your attention.

You are not authorized to apply for or use a Six Rooms account unless you have read and accepted all of the terms of these Rules. By applying for or using a Six Rooms account, you are deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by these Rules.



I. [Scope of the Rules

1\.1 These Rules are the rules established by Six Rooms related to the acquisition and use of Six Rooms accounts. These rules apply to all software and services provided by Six Rooms that require registration or use of Six Rooms accounts.

1\.2 These Rules belong to the business rules of Six Rooms and are an integral part of the Six Rooms User Service Agreement.

1\.3 When you use the software and services of Six Rooms through your Six Rooms account, you must also comply with the separate agreements for each service.


II. [Nature of Six Rooms Accounts

The Six Rooms account is a digital identification created by Six Rooms for the purpose of recognizing the identity of users, including but not limited to the login number and room number issued by Six Rooms upon application by users. The ownership of the account belongs to Six Rooms.


C. [Acquisition of Six Rooms account number].

3\.1 You can apply for registration of a Six Rooms account for free or for a fee in the following ways, including but not limited to:

(1) Software client;

(2) Six Rooms website;

(3) Mobile phone text messages, telephone voice, etc;

(4) Other legal ways.

3\.2 After completing the registration process, you will be granted the right to use the number in accordance with the business rules of Six Rooms.

3\.3 Regardless of how you acquired your Six Rooms account, you are bound by these rules.


IV. [Verification of User Identity Information

4\.1 You need to fill in some necessary information in the process of applying for a Six Rooms account, please keep this information up-to-date so that Six Rooms can provide you with assistance or better services. If national laws and regulations have special provisions, you need to fill in the real identity information. If the information you fill in is incomplete or inaccurate, you may not be able to use the services or be restricted in the process of use.

4\.2 Six Rooms is committed to the protection of personal information together with users, and the protection of users' personal information is a basic principle of Six Rooms. Without your consent, Six Rooms will not disclose your personal information to any company, organization or individual outside of Six Rooms, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.


V. [Use of Account

5\.1 You can log in and use various software and services provided by Six Rooms with your Six Rooms account in accordance with Six Rooms' business rules.

5\.2 In addition to the software and services provided by Six Rooms, you can also log in with your Six Rooms account to use the relevant services of Six Rooms' partners.


VI. [Security of Account

The account password is set by you. Please keep your Six Rooms account and password safe.


VII. [Recovery of Account

If your Six Rooms account is stolen, your password is forgotten, or you cannot log in normally due to other reasons, you can follow the Six Rooms' complaint channels to file a complaint. Six Rooms does not promise that you will be able to retrieve your Six Rooms account through the complaint.


VIII. [Code of Conduct for Users

8\.1 You shall not register a Six Rooms account in bad faith. Six Rooms can independently judge and deal with malicious registration behavior.

8\.2 The right to use the Sixth Room account belongs only to the person who initially applied for registration. You may not gift, borrow, rent, transfer or sell the Six Rooms account or otherwise license others to use the Six Rooms account.

8\.3 Since the user account is related to the user's basic information, you may transfer your account only if there is an express provision of the law or a judicial decision. Once your account is transferred, the rights and obligations under the account will be transferred together, except that your account shall not be transferred in any way, otherwise, Six Rooms has the right to pursue your breach of contract, and all responsibilities arising from this shall be borne by you.

8\.4 If you are currently using a Six Rooms account that you did not apply for registration or obtained through the legal means provided by Six Rooms, but you are aware of the current password of the Six Rooms account, you may not log in or perform any operation with this number, and please notify Six Rooms at the first time.

8\.5 When you use your Six Rooms account to participate in various activities on the Six Rooms platform, you shall not use any improper or cheating or other illegal means, which include but are not limited to:

(1) Participating in activities through improper means. For example, using simulators, plug-ins, software plug-ins, physical plug-ins, APP diversion software, group control systems and other illegal tools to participate in activities; using high-risk cell phone numbers suspected of cheating; and colluding with other users to take improper means to seek rewards for activities;

(2) Disturbing the order of activities. Examples of using multiple accounts to participate in the activities, modifying personal location information, tampering with device data, trading user accounts, trading activity rights and interests, and trading prize qualifications;

3) Interfering with the normal operation of Six Rooms products. Examples include registering user accounts in bulk, using user accounts in violation of the law, and using technical means to interfere with, destroy, modify or exert other influence on Six Rooms' products;

(4) Using the Activity to commit crimes. For example, the use of the Activity for money laundering, cash, fraud or other taboo activities against national laws and regulations;

(5) Other violations of laws and regulations, violation of the principle of good faith and credit, violation of the specific rules of each activity, or this Sixth Room believes that the improper means.




IX. [Responsibility

9\.1 You understand and agree that, as a Six Rooms account user, you shall assume full responsibility for all activities arising under the number.

9\.2 Six Rooms restricts, freezes or terminates the use of your Six Rooms account in accordance with the business rules, which may cause certain losses to you, and such losses shall be borne by you, and Six Rooms shall not bear any responsibility.

9\.3 You shall not transfer your Six Rooms account with or without compensation to avoid disputes. You shall bear any responsibility arising therefrom on your own, and at the same time, Six Rooms reserves the right to pursue the legal responsibility of the above actors.



X. [Restriction, Freezing or Termination of Six Rooms Account Use

10\.1 If you violate the laws and regulations, the provisions of each service agreement or business rules of Six Rooms, Six Rooms has the right to make independent judgment and restrict, freeze or terminate the use of your Six Rooms account at any time and decide whether to resume the use according to the actual situation.

10\.2 If Six Rooms discovers that you are not the initial applicant for registration of the number, Six Rooms has the right to terminate your use of the number without notice.

10\.3 Once you are found to have any of the violations stipulated in Article 8\.5 of these Rules, Six Rooms has the right to restrict or cancel your eligibility to participate in the activities, the right to cancel the rewards, recover the rewards you have received (or cash of equivalent value); Six Rooms has the right to take measures to restrict you from logging in, blocking the account, and retains the right to pursue the user's other legal responsibilities.

10\.4 In order to fully utilize the account resources of Six Rooms, if you have registered an account with Six Rooms and have not logged in to use it for the first time in a timely manner, or if you have not logged in to use your account for a long period of time, Six Rooms has the right to terminate the use of the number.

10\.5 Six Rooms restricts, freezes or terminates your use of your Six Rooms account in accordance with these rules or relevant laws and regulations, and you shall be solely responsible for the losses (including but not limited to interruption of communication, emptying of user information, emails, and game props and related data, etc.) caused by such interruption.


XI. [Customer Service

If you have any objections to the restrictive measures taken by Six Rooms on the Six Rooms account or have other problems in the process of using the Six Rooms account, you can contact Six Rooms' customer service department and we will give you the necessary help.


XII. [Other]

12\.1 By applying for or using a Six Rooms account, you are deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by these rules. Six Rooms reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of these Rules as necessary. You can check the latest version of these Rules on the relevant page of Six Rooms. If you continue to use your Six Rooms account after these rules have been changed, you will be deemed to have accepted the revised rules. If you do not accept the modified rules, you should stop using your Six Rooms account.

12\.2 The content of these rules also includes the Six Rooms Service Agreement and so on. Once the above content is officially released, it is an inseparable part of these rules, and you should also comply with it. If there is any conflict between the above contents and these Rules, these Rules shall prevail. Your acceptance of any of the aforementioned business rules and agreements shall be deemed to be your acceptance of all of these Rules.

12\.3 The place where these Rules are signed is Haidian District, Beijing, People's Republic of China.

12\.4 The establishment, entry into force, fulfillment, interpretation and dispute resolution of these Rules shall be governed by the laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China (excluding conflict of laws).

12\.5 If any dispute or controversy arises between you and Six Rooms, it shall first be resolved through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute or controversy to the jurisdiction of the people's court with jurisdiction in the place where these Rules are signed.

12\.6 The titles of all the provisions of the Rules are only for the convenience of reading and have no actual meaning in themselves, and cannot be used as the basis for the interpretation of the meaning of the Rules.

12\.7 If any provision of these Rules is partially invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall remain in force and shall be binding on the parties.

