 Server rules. 1. Sexually explicit or violent media must be marked as sensitive or with a content warning. This includes content that is particularly provocative even if it may not show specific body parts, as well as dead bodies, bloody injuries, and other gore. Particularly obscene content may be prohibited entirely. Profile pictures and header images may not contain sexually explicit or violent media.
2. No racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, ableism, xenophobia, or casteism.Transphobic behavior such as intentional misgendering and deadnaming is strictly prohibited. Promotion of "conversion therapy" is strictly prohibited. Criticism of governments and religions is permissible unless being used as a proxy for discrimination.
3. No incitement of violence or promotion of violent ideologiesCalling for people or groups to be assassinated, murdered, or attacked physically is strictly prohibited. Support for violent groups or events is prohibited.
4. No harassment, block evasion, dogpiling, or doxxing of othersRepeat attempts to communicate with users who have blocked you or creation of accounts solely to harass or insult individuals is strictly prohibited. Coordinated activity to attack other users is prohibited. Posting of private personal information about others is prohibited.
5. Do not share information widely\-known to be false and misleadingFalse and misleading information and links from low\-quality sources may not be posted, especially if they are likely to mislead or confuse others or endanger their safety.
6. Content created by others must be attributed, and use of generative AI must be disclosedContent created by others must clearly provide a reference to the author, creator, or source. For adult content, this should include performers. Accounts may not solely post AI\-generated content.
