【First Part and Introduction】

In order to effectively utilize account resources and safeguard the
legitimate rights and interests of users, the "Six Room Account
Management Rules" (hereinafter referred to as "these rules") are
specially formulated. Please be sure to carefully read and fully
understand the contents of each clause, especially the clauses that
exempt or limit liability, and the separate agreement for opening or
using a certain service, and choose to accept or not accept.
Restrictions and exemptions may be in bold to remind you of the terms.

Unless you have read and accepted all the terms of these rules, you have
no right to apply for or use a 6-room account. Your application for or
use of a 6-room account is deemed to be your reading and agreement to be
bound by these rules.

1\. Scope of the Rules

1.1 These rules are the rules formulated by 6jianfang regarding the
acquisition and use of 6jianfang accounts. These rules apply to all
software and services provided by 6jianfang that require registration or
use of 6jianfang accounts.

1.2 These rules are the business rules of Liujianfang and are an
integral part of the Liujianfang User Service Agreement.

1.3 When you use our software and services through your account, you
must comply with the separate agreements for each service.

2\. \[Nature of the Liujianfang Account\]

The 6jianfang account is a digital identifier created by 6jianfang to
identify the user, including but not limited to the login number and
room number issued by 6jianfang upon application by the user. The
ownership of the account belongs to 6jianfang.

3\. \[Obtaining a Liujianfang Account\]

3.1 You can apply to register for a 6room account for free or for a fee
in the following ways, including but not limited to:

\(1\) Software client;

\(2\) Liujianfang website;

\(3\) Mobile phone text messages, phone voice, etc.;

\(4\) Other lawful means.

3.2 After you complete the registration process, you will obtain the
right to use the number in accordance with the business rules of
Liujianfang.

3.3 Regardless of how you obtain a Liujianfang account, you will be
bound by these rules.

4\. User identity information verification

4.1 When you apply for a 6jianfang account, you need to fill in some
necessary information. Please keep this information updated in a timely
manner so that 6jianfang can provide you with assistance or better
services. If there are special provisions in national laws and
regulations, you need to fill in your real identity information. If the
information you fill in is incomplete or inaccurate, you may not be able
to use the service or be restricted during use.

4.2 6jianfang.com is committed to protecting personal information
together with its users. Protecting user personal information is a basic
principle of 6jianfang. 6jianfang.com will not disclose your personal
information to any company, organization or individual outside of
6jianfang.com without your consent, except as otherwise provided by laws
and regulations.

5\. \[Use of Account\]

5.1 You may use your Liujianfang account to log in and use the various
software and services provided by Liujianfang in accordance with
Liujianfang’s business rules.

5.2 In addition to the software and services provided by 6jianfang, you
can also use your 6jianfang account to log in and use the related
services of 6jianfang's partners.

6\. Account Security

You set your own account and password. Please keep your Liujianfang
account and password safe.

VII\. \[Account Retrieval\]

If your 6jianfang account is stolen, your password is forgotten, or you
are unable to log in normally due to other reasons, you can file an
appeal through 6jianfang's appeal channel. 6jianfang does not promise
that you will be able to recover your 6jianfang account through appeal.

8\. User Code of Conduct

8.1 You may not register a 6jianfang account with malicious intent.
6jianfang can independently judge and handle malicious registration
behavior.

8.2 The right to use the 6jianfang account belongs only to the initial
applicant. You may not donate, lend, rent, transfer or sell the
6jianfang account or otherwise permit others to use the 6jianfang
account.

8.3 As the user account is associated with the user's basic information,
you may transfer your account only when there is a legal provision or
judicial ruling. Once your account is transferred, the rights and
obligations under the account will be transferred together. Otherwise,
your account may not be transferred in any way, otherwise Liujianfang
has the right to pursue your liability for breach of contract, and all
responsibilities arising therefrom shall be borne by you.

8.4 If the 6jianfang account you are currently using is not one you
applied for and registered yourself or obtained through legal means
provided by 6jianfang, but you know the current password of the
6jianfang account, you may not use that number to log in or perform any
operations, and please notify 6jianfang as soon as possible.

8.5 When you use your 6jianfang account to participate in various
activities on the 6jianfang platform, you shall not take any improper or
cheating means, including but not limited to:

1\) Participating in activities through improper means. For example,
using simulators, plug-ins, software plug-ins, physical plug-ins, APP
clone software, group control systems and other illegal tools to
participate in activities; using high-risk mobile phone numbers
suspected of cheating; colluding with other users to use improper means
to obtain activity rewards, etc.;

2\) Disrupting the order of the event. For example, using multiple
accounts to participate in the event, modifying personal location
information, tampering with device data, buying and selling user
accounts, buying and selling event rights, buying and selling award
qualifications, etc.;

3\) Interfering with the normal operation of Liujianfang products. For
example, registering user accounts in batches, using user accounts in
violation of regulations, or using technical means to interfere with,
destroy, modify, or exert other influence on Liujianfang products;

4\) Using the activity to commit crimes. For example, using the activity
to launder money, cash out, defraud, or conduct other activities that
violate national laws and regulations;

5\) Other violations of laws and regulations, the principle of honesty
and trustworthiness, the specific rules of each activity, or any unfair
means deemed by this website.

IX\. Responsibility

9.1 You understand and agree that, as a user of a 6jianfang account, you
shall bear full responsibility for all activities under this account.

9.2 If Liujianfang restricts, freezes or terminates the use of your
Liujianfang account in accordance with its business rules, it may cause
you certain losses, which you will bear at your own expense and
Liujianfang will not bear any liability.

9.3 You may not transfer your 6jianfang account for a fee or free of
charge to avoid disputes. You shall bear any responsibilities arising
therefrom, and 6jianfang reserves the right to pursue the legal
liability of the above-mentioned persons.

10\. \[Restriction, freezing or termination of 6jianfang account usage\]

10.1 If you violate laws and regulations, the service agreements or
business rules of 6jianfang, 6jianfang has the right to make an
independent judgment and restrict, freeze or terminate your use of the
6jianfang account at any time, and decide whether to resume use based on
the actual situation.

10.2 If 6jianfang finds that you are not the original applicant for the
number, 6jianfang has the right to terminate your use of the number
without notice.

10.3 Once it is discovered that you have committed any violation
stipulated in Article 8.5 of these Rules, Liujianfang has the right to
restrict or cancel your qualification to participate in the event,
cancel the reward, and recover the reward (or cash of equivalent value)
you have received; Liujianfang has the right to take measures such as
restricting your login and banning your account, and reserves the right
to pursue other legal liabilities of the user.

10.4 In order to make full use of the account resources of 6jianfang, if
you fail to log in for the first time in time after registering a
6jianfang account, or fail to log in to use the 6jianfang account for a
long time, 6jianfang has the right to terminate the use of the number.

10.5 Liujianfang restricts, freezes or terminates your use of your
Liujianfang account in accordance with these rules or relevant laws and
regulations, and you will bear all losses caused to you (including but
not limited to communication interruption, clearing of user information,
emails, game props and related data, etc.).

11\. Customer Service

If you have any objection to the restrictive measures taken by
Liujianfang on the Liujianfang account or have other questions when
using the Liujianfang account, you can contact the Liujianfang customer
service department and we will provide you with necessary assistance.

12\. Others

12.1 Your application for or use of a 6jianfang account is deemed to
indicate that you have read and agreed to be bound by these rules.
6jianfang has the right to modify the terms of these rules when
necessary. You can view the latest version of these rules on the
relevant pages of 6jianfang. If you continue to use a 6jianfang account
after the terms of these rules are changed, it is deemed that you have
accepted the modified rules. If you do not accept the modified rules,
you should stop using the 6jianfang account.

12.2 The contents of these rules also include the "Six Rooms Service
Agreement" and so on. Once the above contents are officially released,
they will become an integral part of these rules and you shall also
abide by them. In case of any conflict between the above contents and
these rules, these rules shall prevail. Your acceptance of any of the
above business rules and agreements shall be deemed as your acceptance
of all of these rules.

12.3 These Rules are signed in Haidian District, Beijing, People’s
Republic of China.

12.4 The establishment, effectiveness, performance, interpretation and
dispute resolution of these Rules shall be subject to the laws of
mainland China (excluding conflict of laws).

12.5 If any dispute or controversy arises between you and Liujianfang,
the two parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly
negotiation. If the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute
or controversy to the People's Court with jurisdiction over the place
where these rules are signed.

12.6 The titles of all clauses in these Rules are for reading
convenience only and have no actual meaning in themselves and cannot be
used as the basis for interpreting the meaning of these Rules.

12.7 If any provision of these Rules is invalid or unenforceable for any
reason, the remaining provisions shall remain valid and binding upon
both parties.
