# The "Nine Prohibitions" Principle

Bilibili strictly abides by Article 15 of the "Internet Information
Service Management Measures" promulgated by the Chinese government, and
takes this as the basic principle for the operation of the Bilibili
platform. We will adopt the most stringent management methods to
eliminate information containing the following content:

1.  Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;
2.  Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting
    state power, or undermining national unity;
3.  Damage to national honor and interests;
4.  Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining
    ethnic unity;
5.  Undermine the state's religious policies and promote evil cults and
    feudal superstitions;
6.  Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social
    stability;
7.  Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror,
    or incite crime;
8.  Insulting or slandering others, infringing their legitimate rights
    and interests;
9.  Contains other content prohibited by laws or administrative
    regulations.

# \[Prohibited Content

The purpose of bilibili is not to provide you with a personal private
video space. Therefore, when submitting videos, please abide by local
laws and do not upload videos containing pornographic or sexually
explicit content. Similarly, videos containing reactionary, religious,
politically sensitive or other content that violates relevant national
laws are also prohibited from being uploaded.

Here are some common-sense rules that can help you.

Please take these rules seriously and understand and respect the spirit
behind them.

If you find any loopholes in the rules, please contact us immediately
and do not try to circumvent them by taking shortcuts.

## 1. About nudity and sexual content

If the video is sexually suggestive, it will not be accepted by
bilibili. We do not allow hardcore content, such as pornographic
descriptions. Videos containing kinky content will be deleted or
restricted, depending on the severity of the behavior.

exception

Videos containing nudity are acceptable if they are intended for
educational, documentary, scientific research, or artistic purposes,
rather than for meaningless display of images. You can provide context
and description in the title or description, which will help Bilibili
reviewers determine the primary purpose of the video.

It is prohibited to send spam advertising information such as
third-party URLs, social accounts, network disk codes, etc. related to
pornographic content in comments, barrages, signatures, and other
user-editable content. Once discovered, we will permanently ban the
account that sends such spam information.

## 2. Content related to violence, harmful or dangerous content

We define "harmful or dangerous content" as content that intentionally
incites violence, encourages others to participate, or presents others
with dangers that could cause physical harm or death, or illegal
activities.

It is prohibited to publish videos containing violent, bloody, and some
horrifying content. If the video itself is a news or documentary, please
provide a description that can clearly explain the background of such
content to avoid causing unnecessary trouble to viewers and users.

Do not encourage others to engage in violent activities.

Bilibili prohibits the posting of videos that incite others to commit
violent acts. If your video incites others to commit violent acts, or
threatens others with serious violent acts, we will not allow the video
to be posted online.

If a video contains content that encourages dangerous or illegal
activities, including instructions for making homemade bombs or other
dangerous items, the use of drugs or other contraband, or other behavior
that could cause serious harm, we consider such videos harmful and will
not allow them to be posted online or will delete them.

If the video contains images of dangerous behavior, but its main purpose
is for teaching, documentary, or scientific research, such content is
acceptable. For example, a documentary about anti-drug operations, but
if a part of it is released separately from the full version of the
news/documentary content, it will be considered inappropriate content.

Special reminder: Dangerous organization

We do not allow any organization or content involved in the following
activities to be displayed or posted on Bilibili: terrorist activities
or organized criminal activities; we will also delete videos, graphics
and text content that express support for the above-mentioned violent or
criminal activities; we also do not allow support or praise for the
leaders of the above-mentioned organizations, or condoning their violent
activities.

In addition, we consider factors such as:

- Whether the actions involved in the video content will lead to serious
  injury or death;
- Whether the individuals who committed the acts received professional
  training and took all necessary precautions to prevent harm;
- Whether these behaviors could be easily imitated by minors;
- Whether the video content could be used to commit serious violent
  acts;

Special reminder: self-harm behavior

Bilibili prohibits the promotion of self-harm or suicide.

We do not allow content (on-demand/live) that promotes/encourages
suicide or any other type of self-harm, including self-mutilation and
eating disorders, but plastic surgery does not count as self-harm. We
also remove content that seriously or satirically shows and criticizes
victims or survivors of self-harm or suicide.

## 3. Personal Privacy

Any suspected stalking, threats, harassment, coercion, violation of user
privacy, disclosure of user personal information, and other violations
of the above and other rules will be severely dealt with. For serious
cases, we will permanently ban users from logging into the website and
client.

## 4. Impersonating others maliciously

Do not use your own account information (nickname, avatar, signature,
personal space, etc.) to maliciously imitate specific users of this site
and pretend to be the imitated object to interact with others; at the
same time, disguising yourself as an account involved in official
business is also not allowed, as it is easy to mislead other users.

Special reminder: Fraud, deception, etc.

Some users attempt to deceive others and seek financial gain for
themselves through the content they create. We will remove content that
intentionally misleads users and in some cases may issue a warning to
the uploader.

We have a zero tolerance policy for extortion and/or blackmail. If
someone records/posts a video that threatens your privacy, please report
it immediately and we will remove it after verification and contact
local law enforcement.

## 5. Personal attacks

Bilibli hopes to create and maintain a healthy, positive and interactive
community atmosphere for users. Users are encouraged to express their
personal opinions and views in videos, bullet screens and comments, but
the content published should not contain language and personal attacks
against specific objects or groups involving race, religious beliefs,
gender, age, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, etc. It is
prohibited to incite opposition and hatred through the above content.

Please do not ridicule any individual or group, post hate speech, or
provoke conflicts with others. User accounts that threaten others will
receive a warning after verification, and serious accounts will be
blocked.

## 6. Spam

Please do not maliciously use the barrage, comment and private message
functions to post repetitive, purposeless or disgusting content. Please
do not upload misleading titles, introductions, tags or thumbnails that
are irrelevant to the video content in order to improve the relevant
data of the video. These will be regarded as "spam" and the posted
videos will be restricted or removed from the website.

Our definition of "spam":

Irrelevant names/meaningless sentences and symbols/meaningless
time/watching other TV series during a TV series/vulgar and unspoken
rumours/mindless satire on people with different opinions/adding tags
irrelevant to the video content/adding tags that spoil the video
content/adding tags related to advertising, pornography, provocation,
and political content/deleting correct tags on other peopleâ€™s videos,
etc.

In addition, any use of automated systems or providing videos to
unwitting viewers to artificially increase views, likes, comments, or
other metrics will likely be defined as "spam" by us. If any video or
account is found to violate this provision, we will close the relevant
account and remove the video from Bilibili.
