## Douban Basic Principles

### Douban advocates:

1\. Sharing, mutual assistance and openness; 2. Treating different
views, preferences and opinions with tolerance and rationality; 3.
Respecting the privacy, personal space and other legal rights of others;
4. Douban users jointly create a good website atmosphere and
environment.

### Douban does not allow:

1\. Discrimination and hate speech based on race, country, ethnicity,
religion, gender, age, geography, sexual orientation, or physical
characteristics;

2\. Use obscene words, insults, harassment or other unfriendly
behaviors, including but not limited to: · Insulting or abusing others ·
Fabricating, spreading false information, slandering others · Using
threatening words to force others to obey or comply

3\. Provocative behavior or overly biased subjective judgments,
including but not limited to: · Presupposing a narrow standpoint,
maliciously comparing different things, provoking and inciting opposing
emotions, and guiding groups with different positions and ideas to
attack each other · Fabricating online jargon, maliciously creating
memes to provoke contradictions and create opposing conflicts ·
Generalizing extreme individual cases as group phenomena, exaggerating
negative emotions with exaggerated negative narratives

4\. Acts that infringe upon the privacy of others;

5\. Content related to radical current politics and ideology;

6\. Harmful information of historical nihilism includes but is not
limited to: · Information that distorts the history of the Party, the
history of New China, the history of reform and opening up, and the
history of socialist development; · Information that attacks the Party’s
leadership, guiding ideology, principles and policies; · Information
that denigrates heroes and martyrs; · Information that denies China’s
excellent traditional culture, revolutionary culture, and advanced
socialist culture.

7\. Behaviors that affect the fairness of ratings include but are not
limited to: · Using multiple fake accounts to rate the same movie ·
Using machines to simulate people to rate and vote · Bribing or bribing
others to rate and comment on TV shows · Multiple accounts collectively
attempting to manipulate ratings · Calling on others to inflate movie
ratings, recruiting others to inflate ratings, etc.

8\. Reprinting content that others have the rights to but without legal
authorization;

9\. Abuse of product features and damage to the product ecosystem and
atmosphere, including but not limited to: Posting content that is
unrelated to the discussion area or group topic of an entry; Malicious
attacks on the normal management behavior of a group leader or
administrator; Malicious operations that undermine the inherent fairness
of the website, such as: account maintenance, comment control, screen
swiping, inducing likes, replies, votes, complaints, and machine batch
posting of content; Malicious registration or use of Douban accounts,
such as: machine registration, batch registration, buying, selling, or
transferring Douban accounts; Spreading advertisements or spam, such as:
posting content or behaviors that affect user experience and disrupt the
atmosphere of the Douban community for the purpose of marketing
promotion or diversion

10\. Release information on religious doctrines, religious knowledge,
religious culture, religious activities, etc.;

11\. Behaviors that threaten the personal and property safety of others
or Douban users, including but not limited to: · Endangering the
legitimate rights and interests of others in any way · Impersonating any
other person or organization, or making false statements or false claims
about being related to any person or organization · Tracking, human
flesh search or other harassment of others · Organized malicious abuse
and reporting of others · Network hacking and malicious display of
others' personal privacy information · Maliciously displaying others'
accounts or speeches due to different positions and concepts, and
instigating and guiding groups to attack them · Intercepting, tampering
with, collecting, storing or deleting your or others' personal
information, in-site emails or other data without legal authorization,
or using such information for any illegal or improper purpose

12\. Publishing fabricated, tampered, falsified, or false information,
including but not limited to: Fabricating false events and making up
rumors out of nothing; Spreading false news knowingly or should have
known it to be a rumor or false news; Illegal collection and editing,
illegal reprinting, and fabrication of false news; Self-directed,
staged, or technically generated fake short videos

13\. Publishing information that violates social order and morality,
including but not limited to: Spreading negative information such as
showing off wealth, worshipping money, overeating, and being brave and
aggressive Spreading negative information such as animal abuse Spreading
information about suicide, self-mutilation, and harming others Spreading
personal injury information such as fabricating stories of misery to
create a pitiful persona, using public sympathy to gain attention and
profit

14\. Content that poses a potential threat to the operational security
of the website, including but not limited to: · Posting or disseminating
content that infringes on the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret
or other exclusive rights of others · Posting or disseminating any
"advertising letters", "promotional materials", "junk mail", "spam",
"chain letters", "direct sales" or any other form of solicitation ·
Posting, sending or otherwise transmitting any computer viruses designed
to interfere with, destroy or limit the function of any computer
software, hardware or telecommunications equipment, including but not
limited to trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other
computer codes, files and programs · Interfering with or disrupting the
Service or servers and networks connected to the Service, or violating
any regulations, procedures, policies or specifications regarding the
network connected to the Service

15\. Acts and content that violate the laws and regulations of China or
the location of Douban users, including but not limited to: · Opposing
the basic principles established by the Constitution · Endangering
national security, leaking state secrets, subverting the state power,
and undermining national unity · Damaging the honor and interests of the
country · Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining
ethnic unity · Undermining the state's religious policies, promoting
cults and feudal superstitions · Spreading rumors, disrupting social
order, and undermining social stability · Spreading obscenity,
pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or abetting crimes ·
Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the legitimate rights of
others · Containing false, fraudulent, harmful, coercive, infringing on
others' privacy, harassing, infringing, slanderous, vulgar, obscene, or
other morally objectionable content · Containing other content
restricted or prohibited by laws, administrative regulations, and any
other legally binding regulations

## Account Management Principles

### What you need to know about using Douban:

1\. Your behavior and published content should comply with Douban's
"User Agreement" and "Community Guidelines" and other agreements; 2.
Douban's administrators have the right to delete/refuse to publish
content that violates the above agreements or principles, and will
impose appropriate penalties on the account based on its behavior, which
may include 1 day, 7 days, 15 days, etc., or even permanent ban or
permanent ban; for account usage in different scenarios, corresponding
penalties will be given depending on the severity of the violation.
Severe abuse of product functions, damage to product ecology and
community atmosphere, etc. will be punished more severely; within 180
days after the account is permanently banned, you can log in to the
account on the web and copy and back up your personal data by yourself,
unless otherwise specified. 3. In special circumstances or at the
request of relevant government agencies, Douban reserves the right to
directly deactivate or cancel the account. 4. If you have any objections
to the account handling, please log in on the Douban App or Douban Web,
click "I want to appeal" according to the page prompts, or click "I want
to appeal" when posting content to appeal.

## Group Management Principles

### What you need to know about Douban Groups:

1\. The management rights of the group belong to the group leader. If
the group members do not accept it, they can withdraw and set up another
group; 2. The group leader and administrators should perform their
duties, promptly delete the content that is not welcome or allowed by
Douban, effectively manage the group members, and ensure that the group
content complies with Douban's "User Agreement" and "Community
Guidelines" and other agreements; 3. Disputes within the group shall be
resolved through negotiation between the group members and the group
administrators; 4. If there is content that is not allowed by Douban and
disputes arise between groups, Douban staff have the responsibility and
authority to intervene.

### What you need to know about using Douban Group:

1\. If the theme or main content of a group falls within the scope that
Douban does not welcome or allow, it will be disbanded directly.
Douban's unwelcome and unallowed content is stipulated in the "Douban
Basic Principles"; 2. If the group discussion topic contains content
that Douban does not allow, if the group administrator does not delete
it in time, it will be deleted by the staff and the user who posted the
content will be punished accordingly; 3. If the group leader and
administrator use the authority of the group management (including but
not limited to approval of joining, etc.) to charge other users, if
there is relevant evidence, Douban staff have the responsibility and
right to deal with it (including but not limited to replacing the group
leader and administrator, banning accounts, etc.); 4. The group leader
is strictly prohibited from selling or renting the group. If there is
relevant evidence, Douban staff have the responsibility and right to
deal with it (including but not limited to replacing the group leader,
banning accounts, etc.); 5. If the group leader fails to perform the
duties of the group leader for a long time, Douban has the right to
replace the group leader or recruit a new group leader; 6. In special
circumstances or at the request of relevant government agencies, Douban
reserves the right to dispose of or disband any group.

## Principles of entertainment information management

### Entertainment Code of Conduct You Need to Know When Using Douban

1\. It is prohibited to publish content with bad value orientation such
as inducing or encouraging minors to pursue stars without bottom line,
compare consumption, raise funds for support, vote for rankings, and
indulge in luxury; 2. It is prohibited to publish illegal and illegal
content such as verbal abuse, personal attacks, human flesh searches,
and invasion of privacy between fans; 3. It is prohibited to publish
rumors and unverified content with unknown sources; 4. It is prohibited
to engage in malicious comparisons, pulling down, and other acts of
provoking wars due to differences of opinion; 5. It is prohibited to
incite fans to disrupt normal social order, such as organizing and
calling on fans to make malicious complaints, repeated complaints, false
complaints, etc.; 6. It is prohibited to control the volume and comments
by calling on fans, hiring online water armies, and "raising accounts";
7. It is prohibited to interfere with public opinion and affect the
order of communication by "riding on hot spots" and creating topics;
Douban resolutely cracks down on behaviors that disrupt the community
ecology, and will impose corresponding penalties of varying degrees such
as deleting posts and suspending accounts for the above-mentioned
behaviors.
