**I. General Provisions**

Dingxiangyuan is committed to providing a community where users create
high-quality content. In order to protect the content created by users
and maintain an open, authentic and professional community atmosphere,
the Dingxiangyuan team and community administrators authorized by
Dingxiangyuan will manage users who register for Dingxiangyuan and the
content posted on Dingxiangyuan in accordance with the terms of the
"User Agreement" and the "Dingxiangyuan Community Management Standards"
(hereinafter referred to as the "Community Management Standards" or
these Standards). Dingxiangyuan encourages users to create and publish
high-quality content, and will also take necessary measures to manage
illegal, infringing or other negative online information.

**II. Basic Principles**

1\. This specification applies to all users of Dingxiangyuan;

2\. The Dingxiangyuan Community Management Center will manage
Dingxiangyuan users and content posted on Dingxiangyuan in accordance
with current laws and regulations and the terms of the Community
Management Standards; measures taken include but are not limited to
deleting posted content, suspending or terminating users' rights to use
Dingxiangyuan (users during the suspension period will not be able to
use some product functions normally);

3\. The DXY Community Management Center will manage the behavior of DXY
users in obtaining Dingdang in accordance with the current laws and
regulations and the provisions of the Community Management Standards.
For any violation of the rules for obtaining Dingdang, the measures
taken include but are not limited to the confiscation of Dingdang,
suspension or termination of the user's right to use DXY (some product
functions will not be available to users during the suspension period);

4\. If users continue to access or use our products and websites, they
will be deemed to have agreed to accept all the contents of this
specification.

**3. Ding Xiang Yuan advocates**

1\. Sharing, mutual assistance and openness;

2\. Treat different views, preferences and opinions with tolerance and
rationality;

3\. Respect the privacy, personal space and other legitimate rights and
interests of others;

4\. Dingxiangyuan users work together to create a good community
atmosphere and environment.

5\. Publish high-quality content, including but not limited to:

\(1\) Publish and share original cases/topics/knowledge that are worth
discussing and helpful to others;

\(2\) Initiate or participate in case discussions and express your own
opinions;

\(3\) Summarize, index and organize the knowledge information in the
community section;

\(4\) Actively participate in various professional or non-professional
reward activities organized by the community;

\(5\) Provide reasonable suggestions and opinions for the construction
of the Ding Xiang Yuan website community.

6\. Obtain Dingdang through the official distribution channels of
Dingxiangyuan (including obtaining through publishing content and other
channels, for details, please see the latest Dingdang acquisition
channels presented on the Dingxiangyuan platform; Dingdang cannot be
recharged or transferred).

**IV. Violation Handling**

Dingxiangyuan may take measures such as deleting illegal content,
disconnecting links to illegal content, suspending or terminating the
functions of illegal user accounts, etc. to deal with the following
illegal, bad information or harmful behaviors.

**1. Information that violates laws and regulations**

Not limited to:

\(1\) Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;

\(2\) Endangering national security by leaking state secrets, subverting
state power, undermining national unity, or damaging national honor and
interests;

\(3\) Insulting or abusing the image of heroes and martyrs, distorting,
vilifying, blaspheming or denying the deeds and spirit of heroes and
martyrs, or infringing upon the names, portraits, reputations or honors
of heroes and martyrs by insulting, slandering or otherwise;

\(4\) Propagating terrorism or extremism or inciting terrorist or
extremist activities;

\(5\) Inciting ethnic hatred and discrimination and undermining ethnic
unity;

\(6\) Undermining the state's religious policies and promoting evil
cults and feudal superstitions;

\(7\) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social
stability;

\(8\) Promoting obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder,
terror, or instigating crime;

\(9\) Inciting illegal assembly, association, procession, demonstration,
or gathering of crowds to disrupt social order;

\(10\) Insulting or defaming others, or infringing upon their
reputation, privacy, or other legitimate rights and interests;

\(11\) Infringement, infringement of others’ personal property or
intellectual property rights, etc.;

\(12\) Contains other content prohibited by laws or administrative
regulations.

**2. Information or behavior that is unfriendly or disrespectful to DXY
users and their contributed content**

Not limited to:

\(1\) Contempt: belittling and despising others and the fruits of their
labor;

\(2\) Defamation: fabricating and spreading false facts to damage the
reputation of others;

\(3\) Sarcasm: exposing or describing others or their behavior in a
metaphorical, exaggerated, or insulting manner in order to provoke
others;

\(4\) Provocation: Provoking others in an unfriendly manner with the
intention of causing them to respond to one’s remarks and deliberately
creating trouble;

\(5\) Humiliation: belittling someone’s abilities, behavior, physiology,
or identity to embarrass them;

\(6\) Swearing: using uncivilized language to make negative comments
about others;

\(7\) Discrimination: inciting discrimination against groups or regions,
or attacking others based on their ethnicity, race, religion, sexual
orientation, gender, age, region, physical characteristics, or other
identities or categories;

\(8\) Threat: Promising adverse consequences to force others to obey
one's will;

\(9\) Plagiarism: Quoting text and graphic information published by
others beyond reasonable limits constitutes plagiarism/similar content.

**3. Posting junk advertising information**

Posting junk advertising information for the purpose of promotion and
exposure, posting content that affects user experience, disrupts the
order of the Dingxiangyuan community, or engaging in related behaviors.

Not limited to:

**(1) Repeatedly posting junk advertisements containing content such as
selling products, providing services, or promoting products. This
includes but is not limited to the following:**

① A single account publishes content containing spam advertisements
multiple times;

② Multiple advertising accounts cooperate with each other to publish and
spread content containing spam;

③ Posting a large amount of content containing SEO promotion links,
products, brands, etc. to obtain improper exposure in search engines;

④ Posting personal information in the main post/reply, such as mobile
phone number, email address, WeChat QR code, etc., or inducing private
messages or group creation.

⑤ Fill in the company name and personal information, such as mobile
phone number, email address, QR code, etc. in the personal profile,
avatar, and nickname, or induce private messages or group creation.

**(2) False interactions between buying or selling accounts, posting
promotional content and related transactions that disrupt community
order. Including but not limited to the following forms:**

① Purchase machine-registered accounts, or manually manipulate the
followers of accounts to forge influence in the community;

② Purchase machines to register accounts, or manually manipulate
accounts to click "Agree" to seek improper exposure of answers;

③ Use machines, malicious programs or humans to manipulate accounts in
an organized manner to like, answer, and other disruptive behaviors.

**(3) Using illegal means that seriously affect user experience to
conduct malicious marketing, including but not limited to the following
forms:**

① Irregular reprinting or reprinting large amounts of other people’s
content while adding promotional marketing content;

② Publishing deceptive malicious marketing content, such as conducting
malicious marketing by falsifying experiences, impersonating others,
etc.

**(4) Advertising content that uses special symbols, images, etc. to
circumvent spam advertising content review.**

**4. Malicious Behavior**

Abuse of product functions, taking advantage of system or rule loopholes
to make profits, affecting other users' fair experience, endangering
platform security, and damaging the rights and interests of others.

Not limited to:

**(1) Malicious editing refers to the act of clearing or deleting valid
content or adding irrelevant information, destroying the content
structure, etc., which creates obstacles for others to read;**

**(2) Content that interferes with normal user experience. This includes
but is not limited to the following:**

① Repeatedly posting the same or similar content in the main post/reply;

② Posting meaningless garbled characters, numbers, emoticons, etc. whose
meaning is difficult to identify and affects the reading experience;

③ Harassing others by repeatedly sending repetitive or similar requests
to others through comments, private messages, etc.

**(3) Inducing votes or attention, such as inducing votes or attention
through likes, lucky draws, likes collection, etc.**

① Create and spread plug-ins or malicious programs or related tutorials
used to manipulate account functions;

② Posting potentially dangerous content, such as phishing websites,
Trojans, virus websites, etc.;

**(4) Malicious registration and use of Dingxiangyuan accounts,
including but not limited to machine registration, frequent
registration, batch registration, and abuse of multiple Dingxiangyuan
accounts;**

**(5) Accounts that impersonate, counterfeit, or forge the names or
logos of organizations such as party, government, military, enterprises,
institutions, and news media, or accounts that arbitrarily use or
associate names of administrative divisions at or above the county level
to confuse the real thing with the real thing and mislead the public;**

**(6) Obtaining rights and interests issued by Ding Xiang Yuan
(including but not limited to "Ding Dang") through abnormal means,
channels, and rules, and exchanging goods in Ding Dang Mall through
abnormal means, channels, and rules;**

**(7) Bypassing Dingxiangyuan’s professional user authentication through
abnormal means, channels, or rules to use functions that require
authentication.**

**5. Pornographic and vulgar information**

Not limited to:

\(1\) Contains detailed descriptions of one’s own or others’ sexual
experiences or explicit descriptions of feelings;

\(2\) Vulgar content involving pornographic jokes and sexual jokes;

\(3\) Content containing vulgar or provocative images in accompanying
images or header images;

\(4\) Content that contains sexual innuendos, sexual provocations, etc.
that may easily lead to sexual associations;

\(5\) Displaying horror, cruelty, etc. that causes physical or mental
discomfort;

\(6\) hyping up gossip, scandal, bad deeds, etc.;

\(7\) Propagating vulgar, banal, or kitsch content.

**6. False information**

Not limited to:

\(1\) The content may contain factual errors or rumors;

\(2\) Content that exaggerates facts, fabricates false experiences, or
misleads others;

\(3\) Forging an identity, impersonating another person, impersonating
Dingxiangyuan official or a Dingxiangyuan-affiliated brand, and implying
that one has a specific identity or is associated with a specific
organization or individual through personal information such as avatars
and user names.

**7. Spreading feudal superstition**

Not limited to:

**(1) Seeking fortune-telling, reading characters, divination,
interpreting dreams, resolving bad luck, and using superstitious methods
to treat illnesses:**

① Please recommend a fortune teller

② Seek help or consultation on specific Feng Shui issues;

③ Asking about your own or others’ horoscopes, hexagrams, horoscopes,
palmistry, physiognomy, and the missing five elements, including using
divination methods to ask about marriage, future, fortune, whether lost
things or pets can be found, and whether to name or change names, etc.;

④ Dream interpretation content.

**(2) Promoting and encouraging feudal superstition and other
activities, and promoting the study and discussion of theoretical
knowledge such as fortune-telling:**

① Ask whether a fortune-telling result or statement is accurate;

② Recommending attention to feudal superstitious activities such as
fortune-telling and divination in answers or articles.

**8. Article title problem**

Not limited to:

\(1\) Using exaggerated, bizarre, or unreasonable expressions to mislead
users;

\(2\) There is serious misrepresentation or distortion of the original
meaning between the content and the title;

\(3\) Using exaggerated titles, where the content is seriously
inconsistent with the title.

**9. Other harmful behaviors or contents**

Not limited to:

\(1\) It may cause minors to imitate unsafe behaviors and behaviors that
violate social ethics, or induce minors to develop bad habits;

\(2\) Improper comments on natural disasters, major accidents and other
disasters;

\(3\) glorifying or whitewashing acts of aggressive war;

\(4\) Other content prohibited by laws or administrative regulations, or
that may have a negative impact on the network ecology;

\(5\) Abuse of images of heroes and martyrs, images of national leaders,
names, or other illegal content as avatars or nicknames.

**10. Failure to comply with community professional exchange rules**

Not limited to:

\(1\) Content that does not respect the work of community users, such as
seeking medical advice or drugs;

\(2\) Soft content such as popular science for patients that does not
meet the communication needs of doctors.

**V. Process for handling violations**

**1. Reporting Illegal Behavior**

The DXY team discovers violations through active discovery and user
reports. Users who have passed DXY's professional certification can
report other people's posts, comments, private messages and personal
information. Violations will be handled to varying degrees depending on
the circumstances. Malicious reports will not be accepted.

**2. For the above (including but not limited to) violations,
Dingxiangyuan has the right to suspend or terminate the account without
prior notice and refuse to use all or any part of the services now and
in the future. Violation processing includes: content processing and
account processing**

\(1\) Content processing includes but is not limited to: warning,
deletion, etc.

\(2\) Account processing includes but is not limited to: warning,
resetting nickname, resetting avatar, resetting profile, ban, deletion,
etc.

**VI. Appeal**

The DXY team can continuously improve this specification in accordance
with the different stages of Internet development and with the
continuous enrichment of community management experience for the purpose
of maintaining the order of the DXY community. The improved
specification will take effect immediately after publication. Users can
check this specification regularly to obtain the latest information. If
DXY users have objections to the processing made by DXY based on this
specification, they can provide feedback to DXY through the DXY App by
clicking "My" - "Suggestions and Feedback".

 

 
