## **Our Knuddels philosophy**

In 1999, Holger, Mathias and Mirko founded Knuddels to bring people
closer together. This mission is still reflected in our community values
today. At Knuddels, we live these three values together with enthusiasm
and are happy to pass them on.

### 1. Human connection

We are social beings, we need each other and find our true strength in
the community. We are there for each other and close to each other. We
laugh together, comfort each other, share experiences, encourage each
other, listen to each other benevolently, look after each other and meet
each other authentically. We are the we.

### 2. Respect and appreciation

We welcome everyone, regardless of gender, personality, sexuality,
origin, belief or background. Knuddels is open to everyone who can
understand that behind every nickname there is a person with feelings
and their own story. All of our members deserve to be treated with
respect and appreciation, without prejudice.

### 3. Contribute

We shape our community together. Each and every one of us is an
important piece of the puzzle that makes Knuddels possible and helps us
have a great time together. Whether we moderate, help, appreciate,
nominate, administer, design channels, program apps and games or
organize events - as moderators, newbies, team players, regulars,
developers, admins, old hands and members.

## We are Knuddels

In our community, we weave a colorful bond of solidarity, respect,
tolerance and humanity. Every thread is an encounter, every knot a
moment of connection. Knuddels becomes a place where we not only feel
comfortable, but can also grow personally and build deeper connections
with one another. Through Knuddels, everyone can find important people
for real life in a playful way.

## **Golden Rule**

If you live by these values, you will follow the etiquette and the terms
and conditions without thinking too much, even if you don't know all the
rules in detail. But be warned: Violations of our values, such as
intentionally abusing our services, using bots, creating fake accounts,
deceiving or harassing others, can have serious consequences. These
range from a simple warning to blocking accounts and even legal action.
Respectful interaction is the key to a positive experience in our
community.

## Importance and Necessity of These Guidelines

The Knigge builds on these values and is the conduct and content
guideline on Knuddels. It plays a key role in maintaining an atmosphere
in which all members feel safe and respected. The following guidelines
define our expectations for communication and interaction with each
other as well as behavior towards Knuddels and its members. By adhering
to these basic rules, every member can help ensure that Knuddels remains
a welcoming and positive platform. The Knigge is an important tool for
avoiding misunderstandings and resolving conflicts and helps us to
ensure safety and respect within our community.

## 1. Security

### a) General safety measures

In the interests of security, we provide a comprehensive reporting
system and would like to encourage every member to report violations of
our guidelines or applicable law via this system. In order to ensure
that the administration can function properly, care must be taken to
only report actual violations and, in particular, not to abuse the
system for fun. If there is no violation but there is still no further
interest in contacting a person, other members can be ignored or blocked
at any time. We also ask all members to configure the contact filter so
that conversations only take place between members whose contact you are
really interested in. We do not recommend changing preset contact filter
settings. The receipt of images that can be sent via “Augenblick” must
be confirmed in advance. We ask our members to only accept such photos
if this is their express wish. Our community management monitors what is
happening on the platform in order to identify possible security-related
problems and to tackle and resolve them at the root. All of these
measures help to ensure a safe and respectful environment in our
community.

### b) Protection of minors

Registration and use of Knuddels is only permitted for people aged 16
and over. By using conversation filters and manual checks by volunteers,
we can identify members who are suspected of not having reached this
minimum age. Reactivation is only possible through a strict verification
process in which the minimum age must be proven. Statements or behavior
that could potentially be harmful to young people will not be tolerated.
The protection of underage members is our highest priority.

We work in close cooperation with the Federal Criminal Police Office to
resolutely report crimes against minors.

### c) Safe online behavior

Security is just as important in the online world as it is in real life.
Particular caution is required when disclosing personal information.
Data such as addresses, telephone numbers or bank details should never
be disclosed to strangers or made public. The same applies to passwords
and account information. It is also advisable to use strong and unique
passwords and to change them regularly. By using our TAN system,
security-relevant changes and processes can only be authorized by
entering a code (TAN) that is sent to the stored mobile phone number.
Caution is also required when making appointments in real life. Real
meetings with contacts from the Internet should always take place in
public places and at least one trusted person should be informed about
the meeting.

Here you can find further information about the safety and protection of
our members.

## 2. Behavioral guidelines – promoting positive interactions

### a) Positive interactions

We strive to create a space where everyone can make positive connections
through honesty, respect, and appreciation. We believe in the power of
humanity and encourage all members to be authentic and accept others in
their diversity. Our community is based on the principle of mutual
appreciation, where every voice counts and every contribution
contributes to the common good. We promote a culture of participation
where everyone can help create a supportive and benevolent environment,
free from any hostility.

### b) Equal treatment

All members stand for equal treatment and condemn racism, discrimination
and prejudice of any kind. We are committed to a community in which the
dignity and rights of every individual are recognized and protected.
Every member of our platform deserves respect and fair treatment,
regardless of origin, gender, sexual orientation, religion or other
characteristics. Knuddels should be a place where differences are
celebrated and diversity is seen as a strength. Any post that promotes
hatred, intolerance or injustice contradicts our core values and will
not be tolerated. We encourage constructive dialogue, promote mutual
understanding and support initiatives that strengthen diversity and
inclusion.

### c) Anti-Extremism

In our community, we work together against all forms of extremism and
recognize it as a serious threat to our community and society in
general. All forms of hate speech, including the use of hate symbols and
the denial or whitewashing of historical mass crimes, are strictly
prohibited. Knuddels stands for safe and respectful exchange. Our
platform may not be used in any way to incite hatred, hostility, or
crime of any kind, including violent extremism or terrorism. All members
are committed to actively taking action against extremism and promoting
tolerance and acceptance.

### d) Respect

We believe that everyone has the right to interact in a safe and
supportive community. Insults, provocations, harassment or bullying
undermine the respect and dignity of others and will not be tolerated.
We also condemn any form of interaction that aims to demean other people
based on their identity or beliefs. Even erotic conversations should be
conducted respectfully and consensually within the context of the
conversation. The context of the respective channel and its customs as
well as the overall situation must also be taken into account. Any form
of pressure or non-consensual content or conversations is strictly
prohibited. Sexual harassment has no place on our platform.

### e) Illegal activities

Knuddels prohibits the use of the platform for illegal activities.

Any

- appointments,
- Exchange of experiences about or
- promotion of

illegal activities are prohibited.

This includes, but is not limited to,

- the planning of criminal acts,
- the exchange of illegal content or methods and
- participation in activities,

that violate national or international laws.

We are constantly working to prevent illegal activities and cooperate
closely with the relevant authorities, in particular the Federal
Criminal Police Office, to ensure compliance with the law and offer
intensive support in any investigations.

### f) advertising ban

Our platform does not serve as an intermediary for other sites. For this
reason, third-party advertising is not permitted. This particularly
applies to links or redirects to third-party providers or social media
channels such as messengers. Inquiries that have a purely financial
purpose are also strictly prohibited.

### g) Chat language

Messages and content may be written in German or English, with German
being the main language. This language policy promotes an inclusive
environment in which all members can actively participate and
communicate more easily, thus minimizing misunderstandings and
communication barriers. It also ensures the ability of volunteer members
to act, as even a translation program cannot provide administrative
security.

## 3. Profile and content guidelines

### a) Authenticity – the authenticity on Knuddels

All profile information, such as age, gender and profile photo, must be
truthful when registering. This is to ensure that our members can be
sure that they are really writing to the person behind the nickname. The
account itself may only be used by one person. Double or multiple use of
the account is not permitted. Authenticity on Knuddels is important to
us.

Copyright and personal rights must be respected. No photos or content
may be uploaded for which neither copyright exists nor a right of use
has been granted by the creator. If there is no consent or image rights,
content may not be uploaded. In this context, we refer to our photo
rules.

### b) MyChannels and User Apps

Every member with "Family" status or who has reached the corresponding
quest level has the option of creating their own channel (MyChannel) via
the desktop app (StApp). It is also possible to develop and publish your
own user apps. In a way, this gives you the opportunity to create your
own world. Be it with a MyChannel for specific topics or a channel in
which you make your first, specially developed game available. Our
developer terms and conditions apply to the latter.

Public MyChannels with a constant member presence are given the status
“Important”. Channel names and content must not be politically extreme
or violate the rights of others. The operator of the MyChannel is
responsible for moderation and provides a sufficient number of MyChannel
moderators (MCM). MyChannels must also be correctly categorized. This
applies in particular to erotic channels, which are inaccessible to
minors. Violations of our MyChannel guidelines can lead to the blocking
or deletion of the MyChannel.

### c) Inappropriate and illegal content

By individually designing your profile, a MyChannel or your own user
app, you have extensive opportunities for self-realization. However, any
design that glorifies violence, is pornographic, offensive or extremist,
whether explicit or ambiguous, will not be tolerated and will be
sanctioned accordingly. Any user-generated content is also not intended
to advertise other websites or messengers.

## 4. Volunteering – Democratic Approach

Since its founding, Knuddels has been a lively community whose members
volunteer and organize themselves through democratic processes. Every
member with the status of “Regmi” has the opportunity to get involved as
an admin or channel moderator (CM). These positions are filled through
regular elections, which gives every member the chance to actively
participate in shaping our platform. In the course of the volunteer
work, there is then the opportunity to advance to trusted admin (VA) or
channel management (CLT). In addition, there are teams specializing in
various subject areas such as youth protection, profile, anti-extremism
and many more, for which you can apply and are selected by the team
management depending on your suitability.

These voluntary positions and teams form an important pillar in
maintaining our values and the safety of the community. Through this
structure, we promote responsibility, participation, further development
and a positive, communal coexistence. In cases of doubt, exclusion from
voluntary work can occur within the framework of our election rules and
in the event of a violation of our community guidelines.

## 5. Virtual goods

### a) What are virtual goods?

Virtual goods are purely digital objects that can be used within
Knuddels. These include, but are not limited to, elements such as our
digital currency (Knuddel), super boosts, keys, roses or smileys
including special abilities that are obtained through features. Virtual
goods can be purchased on Knuddels for real money and can be won through
activity or volunteer work.

### b) Sale of virtual goods

Selling virtual goods for real money is strictly prohibited for members
on Knuddels and outside the platform. This regulation protects our
members from the financial risks of fraud and unauthorized transactions
as well as from legal complications that can arise from trading in
virtual items. However, it is possible to exchange virtual goods on the
platform for other virtual goods, to lend them and to sell them for
Knuddels. We also make our members aware of the dangers of fraud and
false promises.

### c) Farming

So-called “farming” with secondary nicknames is prohibited on Knuddels.
Creating and using accounts primarily to collect benefits such as
goodies in game channels or cuddles from quests without triggering real
interactions is not tolerated. Accounts that are purely for monetary
gain or are seen as mass-produced goods will be blocked. Secondary
nicknames should be used regularly, personalized and used for real
communication. This rule is intended to help distinguish legitimate use
from abusive farming, whereby we always take the overall context into
account.

## 6. Philosophy of enforcement

### a) Methods

You can always report violations and irregularities to the channel
moderators and admins using the reporting system. Manual checks of
various kinds are also carried out to ensure that our guidelines are
adhered to. For example, all photos are checked for violations by the
profile team. Our administrative members are present in the chat at all
times and will intervene immediately if there is any doubt.

In addition, automated protection mechanisms such as filters and AI
applications are used to prevent offensive statements in public and
private messages, in the profile and when choosing a nickname, or to
directly remove pornographic, violent or disturbing images or similar
(Google Vision).

### b) Measures

Violations of guidelines can be punished with warnings, removal (images,
readme, groups) and temporary or permanent bans on accounts, channels,
profile content or images. In the case of serious violations, we reserve
the right to issue personal, cross-account bans.

If a report is found to be relevant to criminal law, Knuddels employees
will examine it again and, if necessary, file a report. In addition to
reporting planned or past crimes that must be reported, as part of our
cooperation with the BKA we report in particular the search, offering
and distribution of child or youth pornographic images, past or planned
crimes against minors (including cybergrooming and sexual harassment of
minors) and similar crimes.

### c) Complaints procedure

Knuddels offers the option of having sanctions reviewed as part of a
complaints procedure. You can also contact us via the chat bubble or by
email at community@knuddels.de via our help center.

### d) Acting outside the community

Your behavior outside the community may be taken into account in the
context of sanctions or in the context of voluntary work.

## 7. Reference to other guidelines

Below you will find further general terms and conditions, guidelines and
rules which, in addition to the community etiquette, form the legal
framework for the use of Knuddels.

- Terms and Conditions
- Payment Terms and Conditions
- developer terms and conditions
- monetization policies
- photo rules
- electoral rules
- forum etiquette

Status: February 15, 2024

Against Extremism - For Tolerance and AcceptanceExtremism, tolerance,
acceptance, etiquette, chat behavior, community, anti-extremism, AET,
discrimination, respect, nationalities

# Written by Knuddelsteam Updated over a week agoWhen boundaries are crossed

Jokes stop being funny when they attack or discriminate against someone,
to name just two examples. Extremism has many faces, but it is usually
political in nature.

The Knuddels community is keen to educate you on this matter. Extremism
has no place on Knuddels and is also prohibited by the terms and
conditions.

# background

Political extremism is understood to mean any kind of politically
motivated action that aims to achieve political goals with (verbal)
violence. The General Terms and Conditions, point 6: “Content and
statements” refers to this topic, among other things.  
  
​The Basic Law states in Article 3 (3):

“No one may be discriminated against or favored because of their gender,
their ancestry, their race, their language, their homeland and origin,
their faith, their religious or political views. No one may be
discriminated against because of their disability.”

# Political extremism

## right-wing extremism:

The ideology of right-wing extremists states that ethnic affiliation to
a nation or race is a more important factor than other values, such as
human rights. Their goal is to merge state and people into one unit
(“ideology of the national community”), which in reality leaves no room
for democracy and amounts to a dictatorship. The anti-constitutional,
mostly inhuman ideology erupts in right-wing extremist, particularly
xenophobic crimes, which are mostly directed against minorities solely
because of their ethnic affiliation.

If you observe such behavior, you should always show civil courage and
clearly take a protective stance towards the person being discriminated
against.

## Left-wing extremism:

Left-wing extremists are declared opponents of the state and social
order. Depending on their ideological and political orientation, they
want to build a socialist/communist system (classless society without
private property) or a “society without domination” (anarchy). Left-wing
extremists also try to find a way to achieve their political goals,
including using (physical) violence.

Left-wing extremism is therefore not directed against specific groups of
people, but against the state order or democracy.

## Foreign extremism / Islamism:

People in (and from) other countries also form extremist or terrorist
organizations. The most widespread in this area is probably so-called
Islamism. Only a small proportion of Muslims are Islamists. Islamists
believe they are called upon to enforce the "Islamic order" by force.
They refer to the Koran's call to "jihad" (actually: effort, inner
struggle, also: "holy war"), which they, in contrast to other Muslims,
see as a sacred duty to wage constant war against all "enemies" of
Islam.

In the case of Islamism, the ideology is primarily directed against
people of different faiths.

## As a result, the following actions are prohibited at Knuddels:

- Discrimination, insults and provocations against other persons and
  groups of people based on their religion, political views, sexual
  orientation, nationality,…
- Advertising for extremist organizations, music groups, parties,…
- targeted dissemination of the above-mentioned ideologies
- Spreading symbols, number codes, song lyrics, etc. that are based on
  the above-mentioned ideologies or that are intended to convey them.
  Above all, you should of course take a clear stance against extremism
  and protect victims. You should always report extremism in the chat to
  the administration, e.g. by using the reporting system.

If you have any uncertainties or would like more detailed information,
the Anti-Extremism Team will be happy to help you.

# The Antiextremism Team

The Anti-Extremism Team (AET) was founded in 2005 and deals with
political extremism and glorification of violence in chat. The AET's
tasks include education, prevention and protection, training of HZMs and
CMs, and rapid action in the event of violations in chat.

## What is extremism actually?

Extremism refers to ideologies that operate at the extreme edge of the
political spectrum. Extremists are declared opponents of the
constitution who want to enforce their anti-democratic stance with
violence. There are several forms of extremism, here you can find an
overview of them:

- right-wing extremism
- left-wing extremism
- foreign extremism
- Islamism or Islamist terrorism
- racism/xenophobia
- Discrimination/degradation in any form All of these forms rely on
  violence to achieve their goals. The content of these ideologies not
  only violates Knuddels' general terms and conditions, but also borders
  on legality.

## How do I recognize extremism?

Extremism manifests itself in various ways, such as through language
codes, slogans, symbols and songs.

## Additional Information

In the AET FAQ in the forum you also have the opportunity to find
information or ask questions that the anti-extremism team will answer.

## AET team members

Of course, the members of the Antiextremism Team are also available to
answer any questions you may have. You can find this information by
entering the chat command /h Antiextremism-team.

## Note:

- Knuddels actively combats extremism of any kind.
- If you have any questions, please contact the Anti-Extremism Team.

Dealing with insults and provocations in the Knuddels communityInsults,
provocation, insult, provoke, protection, security,

Written by Knuddelsteam Updated over a week agoInsults and provocations
can spoil the chat experience at Knuddels and affect the well-being of
members. We want to ensure that everyone feels respected and protected
in our community. That's why it's important to know how to react
appropriately to such situations and protect yourself.

# 🤗 Respectful treatment is the be-all and end-all

Respect is the foundation of our community. Insults and provocations
violate this basic rule. Here are some tips on how you and other members
can treat each other respectfully:

- Stay polite and friendly, even if you disagree.
- Avoid getting personal or attacking other members.
- Remember that behind every nickname there is a real person with
  feelings. 🛑 How to react to insults
  ===========================================

It's important to respond appropriately to insults to avoid escalating
the situation. Here are some steps you can take:

- **Stay calm:** Try not to react impulsively. Take a deep breath and
  think carefully about your answer.
- **Confront the person:** Say politely but firmly that you find their
  comments offensive and ask them to stop.
- **Block or ignore:** If the abuse continues, use the block or ignore
  features to protect yourself and end the situation.
- **Report the incident:** If the abuse is severe or recurring, report
  the incident using our reporting system. We will take appropriate
  action.

# 🔇 Don't feed the trolls: Ignoring as a legitimate reaction

Sometimes the best response to insults and provocations is to simply
ignore them. By not responding, you prevent the situation from
escalating and you don't give the offender a platform for their
behavior. Here are some reasons why ignoring can be an effective
strategy:

- Ignoring can help de-escalate the situation and get the perpetrator to
  stop his behavior.
- By not responding to provocations, you show the perpetrator that his
  behavior receives no attention or reaction from you.
- Ignoring allows you to focus on positive interactions with other
  members and continue to enjoy the chat experience. Remember that it's
  okay to not respond and to simply ignore insults. Sometimes silence is
  the best response to maintain a respectful and positive chat room for
  all members.

# 👀 How to recognize our reporting system

You can always recognize our reporting system by the exclamation mark.
You can find it in the following places:

- In private conversations next to the nickname of your conversation
  partner
- In the profile next to the nickname of the person who owns the profile
- In the channels above, next to the channel name, the icon that takes
  you to the reporting system always looks like this:

# 🤝 Dealing with insults and provocations

- **Protection against unwanted contact:** Check your contact filter to
  ensure that only people who are within your personal comfort zone can
  write to you.
- **Ignore and Block:** Ignore the harassing person and block them to
  prevent further contact.
- **Reporting on Knuddels:** Use the report function to inform us about
  hurtful, threatening or harassing behavior. Our moderators and
  administrators are trained to respond appropriately.
- **Seek out a conversation:** Talk to friends or other members about
  how you feel. It often helps to get support from others. 📞 External
  help and advice ============================

If you are looking for help outside of the Knuddels platform, there are
various organizations available to you. Here are some useful places to
go:

**Number against grief:** You can call 116 111 from Monday to Saturday
from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. and get advice. On Saturdays, young advisors will
advise you here. The number is free of charge. You can also get advice
online by email or chat: www.nummergegenkummer.de/online-beratung.

Protect yourself from harassment and find helpHarassment, harass,
protection, safety,online, threat, police, help, report, report, ignore,
block

Written by Knuddelsteam Updated over a week agoWe want everyone to feel
comfortable at Knuddels. However, sometimes a message lands in your
inbox that isn't so nice or crosses your boundaries. That's not okay,
and we want to tackle it together so that everyone can have a positive
experience at Knuddels!

Here are some tips that can help you deal with awkward situations in
chat. There are also “do's” that will help you behave respectfully and
make Knuddels a comfortable place for everyone.

## 💬 How do I have better conversations on Knuddels?

Discover how to have respectful and interesting conversations in
Knuddels chats. Learn the do's and don'ts to create a pleasant chat
experience for everyone!

- **Find your interests:** Knuddels is not just for flirting. There are
  channels for sports, travel and games. Find the right channel for you.
- **Respectful approach:** Be charming, friendly and respectful. Find
  out if you have similar interests before you flirt.
- **Consent is important:** To ensure that the conversation is
  comfortable for both parties, ask beforehand whether the other person
  is interested in flirting and respect that decision.

## 📷 Exchange pictures? This is how you do it right!

Find out how you can share images responsibly and what rules apply. Your
safety and the protection of your privacy are our top priority!

- **Obtain consent:** Ask if it is okay to send a picture and explain
  what will be shown on it.

- **Self-respect:** Only send pictures that you would show to your
  friends or family. Remember that pictures can stay on the internet. 🚫
  No means no! ——————

- **Accept a “no”:** If the other person stops responding or refuses,
  respect that. Apologize and let the topic rest.

# Protection from unpleasant conversations and harassment

Chatting safely is important! Here you can find out how to protect
yourself from unpleasant conversations and harassment. Your online
safety comes first!

## 🔒 Use contact filters: Who can contact me?

In Knuddels you have control over who can contact you. The "contact
filter" allows you to set your preferences and avoid unwanted contacts.
Here's how to use it effectively:

- **Adjust settings:** Under “Privacy” in the profile or chat settings
  you will find the “Contact filter”.

- **Age range and gender:** Control who can contact you based on age and
  gender.

- **Pictures and activity:** Decide whether only members with a profile
  picture or very active “regular chatters” can contact you.

- **Activate spam filter:** Protect yourself from spam messages by
  activating the spam filter. 👥 Who can always contact me? ———————————–

- **Volunteer Administration:** Members of the volunteer administration
  can always contact you.

- **Knuddelsteamler:** Employees of the company also always have the
  opportunity to contact you.

## 🛑 Unpleasant conversations and harassment - How you can react

It's important that you feel safe and comfortable in Knuddels chats.
Here are tips on how to end uncomfortable conversations and protect
yourself from harassment:

- **Communicate honestly:** Tell the person you are talking to if you
  feel uncomfortable and end the conversation politely. 🛡️ Important
  functions for self-protection —————————————

- **Ignore and block:** You can find these functions at any time via the
  profile. Look for this symbol:

- **Use the “Not interested” button:** Press this button if you do not
  want to be contacted any further. The person will be temporarily
  ignored.

- **/ignore NICK:** Temporarily ignore the person to stop receiving
  messages from them. The ignore will end automatically after a few
  hours.

  - **/ig NICK** or the “ **Ignore” function** in the profile work
    exactly the same

- **/block NICK:** Block the person permanently. You can also unblock
  them:

  - **/block !NICK**

- **/fotoblock NICK:** Revoke the person's permission to send you
  photos.

With these measures you can make your own decisions and concentrate on
positive conversations!

## 📸 Protection when sending images

It's exciting to receive pictures from other members, but your safety
comes first. Here are some tips for handling pictures in chats:

- **Consent before receiving images:** You can only receive images from
  others if you have explicitly given permission.
- **Received unsolicited images? Be careful:** If someone sends you
  unsolicited images, ask about the content before viewing them. Then
  decide whether you want to accept or reject the images.
- **Undoing consent:** If you have already agreed to receive images and
  then receive inappropriate images, you can easily revoke your consent.
  To do so, use the command /fotoblock NICK (desktop and mobile Android)
  or the menu items in the K3 version on the web or via iOS. 🚧
  Fotoblock - Our measure ——————————

If a member is repeatedly reported for sending inappropriate images, we
will intervene and temporarily block that person from sending images.

# Insults or harassment? Help is here!

You are not alone in uncomfortable situations - we support you. If you
feel harassed or someone violates our community rules, you can report
it.

## 👀 How to recognize our reporting system

You can always recognize our reporting system by the exclamation mark.
You can find it in the following places:

- In private conversations next to the nickname of your conversation
  partner
- In the profile next to the nickname of the person who owns the profile
- In the channels above, next to the channel name, the icon that takes
  you to the reporting system always looks like this:

Be as detailed as possible in your report. This will make it easier to
process your report.

## 🤝 Our help for you

- **Processing by our team:** Volunteers and the Knuddels team check and
  process your report. Consequences for the reported member can range
  from a time to think things over to exclusion.
- **Criminal charges in cases of endangerment of minors:** If criminal
  acts are committed, we will report the case.
- **Support with police reports:** If you go to the police yourself, we
  will support the investigation with all means at our disposal.

## 📧 Questions or concerns? Contact us!

If you have any other concerns that are not covered by the reporting
system, please contact our community support. We are available to you
via email at community@knuddels.de or via the chat bubble in the
Knuddels Help Center.

## 🆘 Banned but back? Feeling unsafe?

If you feel threatened outside of the chat or the behavior of your chat
partner becomes a criminal offense, seek help from the police online
police stations. Here is a list of different contact points: Overview of
online police stations

If the police cannot identify the person directly, they usually contact
us. We work closely with various criminal investigation departments and
provide as much support as possible in the investigation. Our goal is
for you to feel safe again and to be able to have a good time.

# 📞 External help and advice

If you are looking for help outside of the Knuddels platform, there are
various organizations available to you. Here are some useful places to
go:

**Dickstinction:** If you receive an unwanted dick pic on social media,
the platform helps you to quickly file a criminal complaint. You enter
all the information, download the document, print it out and send it
directly to the public prosecutor's office. This way you can effectively
defend yourself against harassment.

You can also contact HateAid during office hours:  
​030 / 252 088 38 (Mon 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. | Tue 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. | Thu 4
p.m. to 7 p.m.)

**Number against grief:** You can call 116 111 from Monday to Saturday
from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. and get advice. On Saturdays, young advisors will
advise you here. The number is free of charge. You can also get advice
online by email or chat: www.nummergegenkummer.de/online-beratung.

Dealing with bullying in the Knuddels CommunityBullying, bullies,
cyberbullying, bullying prevention, online harassment, cyberbullying

Written by Knuddelsteam Updated over a week ago

At Knuddels, we place a lot of importance on ensuring that our community
is positive and respectful. Unfortunately, bullying can occur in any
online community, so it's important that our members know how to deal
with it and what support is available.

# 🤕 What is bullying?

Bullying is when someone intentionally and repeatedly tries to harm a
person physically, socially or psychologically. This can happen online
or offline, and it is carried out by an individual or group abusing
their power over others. Bullying can come in a variety of forms, such
as mean messages, threatening images, or other inappropriate behavior.
It is important to understand that bullying is any repeated behavior
intended to hurt, threaten or harass someone, and it can have severe
effects.

If you see someone on Knuddels who follows people in channels, groups
people together to annoy someone or abuses the admin office to
demonstrate power over others, that is also bullying.

# 🆘 How to deal with bullying at Knuddels

If you see bullying or are even affected by it yourself, please report
it immediately. Go to our reporting system, select the nickname and
provide all important information. Explain why you think the behavior
violates our rules or terms and conditions. Our moderators and
administrators will review the incident and take appropriate action.

# 👀 How to recognize our reporting system

You can always recognize our reporting system by the exclamation mark.
You can find it in the following places:

- In private conversations next to the nickname of your conversation
  partner
- In the profile next to the nickname of the person who owns the profile
- In the channels above, next to the channel name, the icon that takes
  you to the reporting system always looks like this:

# 💡 Did you know?

- Bullying affects different people: those who bully, those who are
  bullied, and even those who witness it.
- Unfortunately, it is not uncommon for people to be bullied by people
  they know, such as people from school, co-workers or friends
- Bullying can happen anywhere, whether in schools, online, on the
  playground or at work.
- Interestingly, even people who are bullied themselves can sometimes
  bully others. Those who bully are often trying to regain power or
  control that has been lost in another part of their life.

# 🤝 Dealing with bullying

- **Protection against unwanted contact:** Check your contact filter to
  ensure that only people who are within your personal comfort zone can
  write to you.
- **Ignore and Block:** Ignore the harassing person and block them to
  prevent further contact.
- **Reporting on Knuddels:** Use the report function to inform us about
  hurtful, threatening or harassing behavior. Our moderators and
  administrators are trained to respond appropriately.
- **Seek out a conversation:** Talk to friends or other members about
  how you feel. It often helps to get support from others. 👀 Don't look
  away! ==================

Bystanders who witness bullying play a crucial role in stopping such
behavior. If you see someone being treated badly, you can help by
speaking up and advocating for respect and kindness.

It is important not to look away but to take action. Together we can
create a great community where everyone feels safe and respected.

Be a part of the change and work for a positive coexistence! 💪

# 📞 External help and advice

If you are looking for help outside of the Knuddels platform, there are
various organizations available to you. Here are some useful places to
go:

**Number against grief:** You can call 116 111 from Monday to Saturday
from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. and get advice. On Saturdays, young advisors will
advise you here. The number is free of charge. You can also get advice
online by email or chat: www.nummergegenkummer.de/online-beratung.

Report illegal violationsBKA, Federal Criminal Police Office, illegal
violations, reporting system, report, criminal complaint, criminal
offenses, criminal law, violence, abuse

# Written by Knuddelsteam Updated over a week ago🤔 What are illegal violations?

Illegal violations are actions that not only violate our Terms and
Conditions or the Community Code of Conduct, but also violate the law.
Such violations may include, for example, the following:

- Distribution of illegal content (such as child pornography, incitement
  to hatred, ...)
- incitement to violence or hate speech
- fraud or phishing
- Harassment or stalking These violations pose a danger to society and
  may be subject to criminal prosecution.

# ⚖️ How do I distinguish between illegal and “normal” violations?

Violations that are not unlawful are behaviors that violate our
platform's internal policies but are not necessarily considered illegal.
Examples of this could include:

- spamming
- use of offensive language
- Harassment of other members that does not yet reach the level of
  criminal relevance Such violations are reported via the reporting
  system, handled internally by our volunteer teams and can lead to
  warnings, account restrictions or, in extreme cases, exclusion from
  the platform.

# 🗯 How do I report illegal violations?

If you come across illegal behavior on Knuddels, it is important that
you report this behavior immediately. Such a report can also be made via
our reporting system.

**Selecting the checkbox for illegal violations:** In the reporting
system you will find a special checkbox that you can select when an
illegal violation is detected.

**Provide additional information:** After selecting the checkbox, please
provide all relevant information about the incident. The more detailed
your information is, the more effectively we can respond.

**Examination and forwarding:** Criminal offenses against minors are
reported to the Federal Criminal Police Office after being examined by
employees. All other illegal offenses are reported to either the state
criminal police offices or the local police, depending on the type of
offense.

## ☝️ What else is important to note?

**Confidentiality:** The report will be treated confidentially. Your
identity will not be revealed to third parties and especially to the
accused.

**Your own safety:** Do not attempt to intervene in the situation
yourself, especially if serious illegal acts are involved.

**No vigilante justice:** Please refrain from any form of vigilante
justice. Leave the matter to the appropriate authorities.

Illegal violations are serious acts that can result in criminal
consequences and violate not only the rules of our platform but also the
law. Reporting such incidents helps keep our community safe and combat
illegal behavior. We thank you for your support and vigilance.

In addition to the General Terms and Conditions, the following rules
apply to the use of the photo gallery.

## **For all profile photos applies**

Chatting on Knuddels will be more exciting if you know who you are
writing to. So present yourself in a way that others can recognize you.
This means that your face must be completely recognizable to other
members. A photo in which, for example, your cell phone or scarf covers
part of your face is not permitted as a profile photo. You can present
photos of your pets, cars, favorite heroes, etc. in your album.

Remember that the chat platform is also a public space, so only present
yourself as you would in public.

## **For all photos also applies**

We limit the depiction of nudity or sexual acts because some members of
our community find this type of content offensive. We also generally
remove images with sexual and pornographic content.

For example, we restrict the depiction of female breasts if the nipples
are visible. Full nudity is not allowed for either sex, which means
primary genitalia must not be visible.

The secondary sexual organs, especially the buttocks, must not be
completely naked. Photos of paintings, sculptures and other art forms
depicting naked people or figures are permitted.

We do not tolerate photos of warlike depictions, self-harming behavior,
or images on tracks.

We reserve the right to make different decisions in individual cases.

Photos showing children under 14 years of age are not permitted.

## **For young people, the following also applies:**

Smoking and drinking alcohol are prohibited by law for young people, so
do not upload photos of yourself doing so.

Topless photos, especially photos with a bared midriff, are not allowed.
Otherwise, you may quickly be approached in a way that makes you
uncomfortable. Photos that emphasize the sexuality of the person in the
photo are particularly not permitted and will be deleted.
