## Community Management Standards

### Chapter I General Provisions

1\. Kuaishou is committed to providing a high-quality and interesting
life sharing platform.

2\. In order to protect the content created by users, encourage the
diversity of platform content, and maintain a good community
environment, the Kuaishou platform conducts compliance review and
management of user information and user behavior, including but not
limited to short videos, live broadcasts, pictures, titles, comments,
barrages, subtitles, background sounds, emoticons, etc., in accordance
with laws and regulations, including but not limited to the
"Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China", "Internet
Information Service Management Measures", "Internet Live Broadcast
Service Management Regulations", "Internet Dangerous Goods Information
Release Management Regulations", "Online Short Video Content Review
Standards and Detailed Rules", "Internet Information Content Ecological
Governance Regulations" and other relevant provisions.

### Chapter II Basic Principles

1\. These regulations apply to all Kuaishou users.

2\. Kuaishou Community Management Center (hereinafter referred to as
"Kuaishou Team") will manage Kuaishou users and content posted on
Kuaishou in accordance with current laws and regulations and the
provisions of the Kuaishou Community Management Standards (hereinafter
referred to as "the Standards"). Measures taken include but are not
limited to changing or deleting content posted by users, suspending or
terminating users' rights to use Kuaishou.

3\. Kuaishou community management is jointly implemented by the Kuaishou
team and the Self-Discipline Committee. For details of the working
mechanism of the Self-Discipline Committee, please refer to the
"Kuaishou Self-Discipline Committee Charter".

4\. The Kuaishou team discovers violations through two methods:
proactive discovery and accepting user reports.

5\. Violation handling methods include content handling, account
handling and live broadcast handling:

1\. Content processing includes: prohibiting comments, reducing
recommendations, deleting, etc.;

2\. Account processing includes: banning, banning followers, reducing
recommendations, freezing, etc.;

3\. Live broadcast processing includes: suspending playback, restricting
permissions, freezing, etc.

6\. Users who visit or use our products and websites are deemed to have
agreed to accept all the contents of this specification. The "community"
and "Kuaishou community" referred to in this management specification
refer to: Kuaishou website (domain name: www.kuaishou.com) and related
clients (apps). Welcome everyone to actively report illegal content, and
you can participate in the official reporting reward activities.
Practice positive energy and report good examples!

### Chapter 3: It is prohibited to produce, copy, publish or disseminate harmful information containing the following illegal or irregular contents

### 1. Content that attacks, damages, or violates national laws, regulations, policies, and systems, including but not limited to:

1\. Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;

2\. Undermine national unity, subvert state power, leak state secrets,
endanger national security, or damage national dignity, honor, and
interests;

3\. Inciting ethnic hatred and discrimination, distorting national
history, and undermining national unity;

4\. Undermine the state's religious policies, damage religious harmony
and unity, and promote cults;

5\. Promoting feudal superstition and violating the scientific spirit;

6\. Defaming excellent cultural traditions and historical revolutionary
achievements, tampering with and parodying classic masterpieces, and
distorting and devaluing red culture and intangible cultural heritage;

7\. Fabricate and spread rumors or false information to disrupt social
order;

8\. Undermine social stability, organize, engage in, or incite
gang-related activities and illegal violent activities;

9\. Disrupt or undermine public order, threaten personal and public
safety, or affect public security;

10\. Hunting, killing, trafficking, illegally raising, and eating wild
and protected animals and plants; making, processing, and selling
products related to protected animals and plants; making and selling
hunting tools; trampling on and destroying protected vegetation or
nature reserves, etc.;

11\. Carving, defacing, or destroying nationally protected cultural
relics and historical sites; robbing tombs to search for treasures,
stealing and selling cultural relics, etc.;

12\. Other content that violates laws, regulations, national policies
and regulations, and any other legally binding regulations.

### 2. Content that damages the dignity and interests of the Party and the state, and undermines the reputation and image of leaders, revolutionary leaders, heroes and martyrs, including but not limited to:

1\. Insulting the national flag, national emblem, national anthem and
other national symbols by damaging, trampling on, or making fun of them;

2\. To vilify, distort, and ridicule Party and state leaders, and to
deny, attack, and blaspheme the images and spiritual deeds of
revolutionary leaders and heroes and martyrs;

3\. Using the images or information of leaders, revolutionary leaders,
heroes and martyrs for profit, infringing their reputation and rights;

4\. Leaking confidential information such as undisclosed meetings,
documents, decisions, scientific research results, etc. of party and
government organs, scientific research institutions, military
institutions, etc. at all levels of the country;

5\. Content that maliciously defames, insults, or attacks the image of
the people's army, national security, police, administration, judiciary,
and other national civil servants and Communist Party members;

6\. Occupy, destroy, and deface memorial facilities for heroes and
martyrs, hold entertainment activities in the context of commemorating
heroes and martyrs, and destroy the memorial environment and atmosphere.

### 3. Content that spreads terrorism, extremism, or incites the commission of terrorist and violent criminal activities, including but not limited to:

1\. Displaying and publicizing the image, characteristics and behaviors
of domestic and foreign terrorist organizations;

2\. Glorify domestic and foreign terrorist organizations and their
activities, and glorify terrorist wars;

3\. Propagating terrorism, inciting terrorist activities, or illegally
possessing items that promote terrorism, or wearing clothing or symbols
that promote terrorism;

4\. Organizing, leading, participating in or calling for participation
in terrorist organizations or terrorist activities.

### 4. Spreading obscene, pornographic and vulgar content, including but not limited to:

1\. Directly display, excessively describe, or imitate sexual organs,
sexual parts, or sexual behaviors;

2\. Promote pornographic transactions and publish bad friendship
information;

3\. Disseminating, buying, selling, and producing obscene and
pornographic products, hyping and promoting adult films, pornographic
films, and Category III films, including but not limited to
self-photographing, candid photography, etc.;

4\. Publish or disseminate other vulgar or pornographic content.

### 5. Infringement of the legitimate rights and interests of others, including but not limited to:

1\. Make fun of, slander, insult, defame, abuse, discriminate against
others, or infringe on the reputation of others;

2\. Distribute, leak, doxx, or sell personal privacy, such as phone
number, address, ID information, or other personal privacy information
without the permission of the party concerned;

3\. Unauthorized use, reproduction, or copying of other people's works,
publishing content that is highly similar to other people's ideas or
suspected of plagiarism, or registering and using accounts in the name
of others;

4\. Illegally restricting the personal freedom of others, threatening,
intimidating, forcibly following and photographing others, and affecting
the personal safety of others;

5\. Intentionally damaging public or private property, threatening the
safety of others or public property.

### 6. Directly or covertly publish information on illegal or irregular business operations, including but not limited to:

1\. Illegal possession or sale of state-controlled items, including but
not limited to firearms and ammunition, controlled knives, flammable and
explosive materials, controlled drugs, psychedelic drugs, etc.;

2\. Drug use, drug trafficking, production and sale of drugs and tools,
or display, introduction, and imitation of drug use and related
information;

3\. Illegally organize gambling activities, display gambling behaviors
(including online and offline, virtual and physical forms), and operate
the sale of gambling-related items or services;

4\. Promoting and promoting illegal medical services, such as surrogacy,
drug testing, human organ trading, human skin masks, fetal gender
identification, etc.;

5\. Trafficking, abducting people or corpses, and illegally adopting
minors;

6\. Producing, selling and promoting counterfeit and inferior goods and
related services, including counterfeit currency, fake certificates,
high-quality imitation goods, reselling invoices, forging document
seals, etc.;

7\. Promoting and promoting pyramid schemes and their products,
inciting, guiding, and forcing people to join pyramid schemes;

8\. Promoting and promoting risky goods and services, making false or
exaggerated claims, misleading or deceiving consumers, etc.;

9\. Promoting and promoting products and services in specific fields
such as health care, financial investment, etc., such as medicines,
health products, medical services, futures, stocks, funds, financial
products, tobacco, alcohol, publishing services, etc., without official
review by Kuaishou and without obtaining relevant legal qualifications;

10\. Guiding users to conduct private transactions through channels not
officially approved by Kuaishou, including but not limited to oral
broadcasts, displaying external site contact information, or guiding
users to add external site contact information for product transactions
or service promotion;

11\. Other business and advertising activities that violate laws and
regulations or the Kuaishou User Agreement, including but not limited to
fraud, cheating services, online part-time jobs, agency franchises,
illegal fundraising, one-dollar treasure hunts, overseas matchmaking
services, etc.

### Chapter 4: You may not produce, copy, publish or disseminate any information that is against public order and morals.

### 1. Spreading low-level content, damaging social morals, or inducing vulgarity, including but not limited to:

1\. Displaying sexually provocative, sexually harassing, sexually
suggestive, or sexually suggestive behaviors, or items, images, music,
sound effects, etc. that have similar effects;

2\. Producing, displaying, and selling adult products and sex toys, or
using other items to imitate sexual organs;

3\. Displaying inappropriate places suspected of sexual transactions;

4\. Displaying vulgar, low-brow, and banal folk wedding customs or
related wedding pranks;

5\. Teach sexual skills and imitate sexual behavior;

6\. Displaying or selling sexy clothing, sexy uniforms or other
seductive and indecent clothing;

7\. Propagating and spreading non-mainstream views on love and marriage,
such as having mistresses and having extramarital affairs;

8\. Other content that is harmful to social morality and likely to cause
bad associations and imitations, including but not limited to revealing
and indecent clothing, vulgar words and deeds, etc.

### 2. Spreading bloody, violent, horrific, thriller, cruel, and other content that may cause sensory and psychological discomfort, including but not limited to:

1\. Deliberately displaying various bloody scenes, such as serious
accident scenes, bloody games, etc.;

2\. Arrange for a fight, start a fight, or display or promote violence
in other ways;

3\. Killing, abusing or using other inhumane methods to harm animals;

4\. Displaying acts of suicide, self-harm, self-abuse, or related
content;

5\. Displaying images that may cause strong sensory and mental
stimulation to viewers, thereby inducing physical and mental fear,
anxiety, disgust, nausea and other discomforts, such as swallowing
excrement, displaying corpses, and intensive phobia images.

### 3. Content that spreads negative values and conveys negative guidance, including but not limited to:

1\. Maliciously creating hot topics, exposing and hyping up negative
gossip, scandals, bad history, etc.;

2\. Deliberately using exaggerated or sensational titles, or displaying
cover-party or clickbait content that does not match the title;

3\. Without the permission of others or regardless of their wishes,
maliciously chatting up, making fun of, or harassing others;

4\. Carry out or threaten to carry out dangerous behaviors or dangerous
games that threaten the life and safety of oneself or others, such as
dangerous challenges without professional protection, eating nails or
other foreign objects, etc.;

5\. Dangerous driving behaviors that affect traffic safety, such as
playing with mobile phones while driving, driving under the influence,
frequent interactions with the main driver, etc.;

6\. Maliciously creating gimmicks to gain attention or posting content
that induces fraudulent clicks, likes, or double-clicks;

7\. Displaying obscene language, using insulting, discriminatory,
provocative and uncivilized language;

8\. Propagating or spreading materialism, or thoughts or behaviors that
show off wealth;

9\. Insulting the deceased, or insulting, destroying, or trampling on
mausoleum facilities or environment in an inappropriate manner such as
commercial or entertainment;

10\. Posting inappropriate comments regarding natural disasters, major
accidents, or other emergencies, such as making fun of, mocking, or
attacking disaster-stricken areas or people;

11\. Spreading negative world-weariness and mourning culture, and
exaggerating pessimistic life conditions;

12\. Displaying unhealthy lifestyles, eating habits, overeating, or
indecent eating content that may cause objection;

13\. Other negative information that is contrary to public order and
good morals.

### Chapter 5: It is prohibited to produce, copy, publish or disseminate any negative information that may affect the physical and mental health of minors.

### 1. Illegal acts and harmful content that affect the healthy physical and mental growth of minors, including but not limited to:

1\. Harming, abusing, corporal punishment, abandoning or insulting
minors;

2\. School bullying, humiliation, beatings, discrimination, isolation,
etc.;

3\. Threaten, intimidate, coerce, infringe upon, or molest minors;

4\. Minors carry out or participate in dangerous behaviors that affect
personal safety and health, such as wild swimming, diving, high-altitude
climbing, etc.;

5\. Use classic cartoon images or sounds to spread violent, vulgar,
bloody, abusive and other works that may affect the growth of minors.

### 2. Content that may induce minors to imitate or is not suitable for minors to participate in, including but not limited to:

1\. Displaying inappropriate behaviors involving minors such as smoking,
drinking, tattoos, social shaking, etc.;

2\. Showing minors entering and leaving places that are not suitable for
their identities, such as Internet cafes, bars, nightclubs, etc.;

3\. Leaking the privacy of minors or other negative information that
damages the personal dignity of minors;

4\. Induce or deceive minors into spending or giving rewards;

5\. Using underage groups or images to engage in malicious marketing and
hype to gain attention.

### Chapter 6: You may not create, copy, publish, disseminate, or carry out any of the following harmful information or behaviors that undermine the order of the Kuaishou platform:

### 1. Using the platform to spread harassing information or engage in inappropriate behavior that harasses others, including but not limited to:

1\. Ignoring the wishes of others, repeatedly and frequently harassing
others by commenting, sending private messages, @ing others, seeking
attention, posting spam, etc.;

2\. Maliciously inciting fans' emotions or behaviors, attacking,
slandering, or harassing others through comments, live broadcast
comments, private messages, @ others, groups, etc. Once such behavior is
discovered, the platform will impose strict penalties on the initiators
and participants.

### 2. Spreading or carrying out acts that infringe upon the rights and interests of the platform or disrupt the order of the platform, including but not limited to:

1\. Use Kuaishou trademarks, logos or other intellectual property rights
without authorization from Kuaishou platform;

2\. Impersonating or disguising as an official Kuaishou account or
Kuaishou staff without Kuaishou platform certification;

3\. Using the name of Kuaishou to promote accounts or other marketing
activities without authorization from the Kuaishou platform;

4\. Exploiting the Kuaishou platform or system loopholes to implement
data cheating through any abnormal means, including but not limited to
falsifying business data such as the number of fans, playback volume,
number of likes, and number of comments;

5\. Using artificial or technical means to falsely register accounts,
illegally trade accounts, or manipulate user accounts in other ways;

6\. Promote other products through the Kuaishou platform and encourage
users to move to other platforms to consume content, etc.

### Chapter VII Supplementary Provisions

1\. The formulation, execution, interpretation and dispute resolution of
these Regulations shall be governed by Chinese law and shall be subject
to the jurisdiction of Chinese courts. If any dispute arises between the
two parties regarding the content of these Regulations or their
execution, the two parties shall try to resolve it through friendly
negotiation; if the negotiation fails, either party may file a lawsuit
with the People's Court where the Kuaishou platform is located.

2\. When using Kuaishou services, you must comply with local laws and
regulations and respect local ethics and customs. If the user's behavior
violates local laws, regulations or morals, the user shall bear the
responsibility independently. Users should avoid involving Kuaishou in
political and public events due to the use of this service, otherwise
Kuaishou has the right to suspend or terminate its services.

3\. The Kuaishou team may continuously improve these regulations in
accordance with the different stages of Internet development and with
the continuous enrichment of community management experience for the
purpose of maintaining the order of the Kuaishou community. Users should
be able to check these regulations repeatedly to obtain the latest
information.

4\. These regulations shall come into force on the date of promulgation.
