# WeChat – Acceptable Use Policy

**Last updated:** 2023-08-01

Welcome to WeChat!

This Acceptable Use Policy sets out the rules of good conduct for the
use of WeChat.

This Policy (as part of the WeChat Terms of Service) applies to any
WeChat user. **By using WeChat, you are deemed to have agreed to this
Policy. If you disagree with this Policy, please do not use WeChat.**

We reserve the right to update this policy at any time in our sole
discretion in accordance with the Terms of Service.

Any defined terms used in this Policy shall have the meanings specified
in this Policy; if not defined in this Policy, they shall have the same
meanings as defined in the WeChat Terms of Service.

If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us using the
details at the end of this Policy.

## 1. General

1.1 **Introduction**

WeChat aims to have a lasting positive impact on the lives of its users,
thereby becoming a platform that benefits everyone.

We are constantly seeking to improve and innovate WeChat. To achieve
this goal, we need to ensure that users can continue to use WeChat
safely and that all users use WeChat in an acceptable manner. This
policy sets out the rules to ensure that users have good usage behavior
when using WeChat. You can also refer to the *WeChat Community
Guidelines* to understand the types of content and behavior that are and
are not allowed on the WeChat platform.

We developed this policy with the feedback and guidance of users and
industry experts, and strive to ensure that this policy covers a wide
range of views, opinions and information. We are always happy to receive
feedback from users. If you need to provide feedback, please contact us
using the details at the end of this policy.

1.2 **Enforcement and Violations (or Potential Violations) of this
Policy**

If you (or we reasonably believe that you) have breached this policy, we
have the right, at our sole discretion, to take any or all of the
following actions:

- 1.  A warning for your behavior.

- 2.  Stop displaying or remove content related to such violations (or
      where there is reason to suspect such violations).

- 3.  Display a notification to recipients of the relevant content that
      preventive action is required due to suspected or confirmed
      violations of this policy.

- 4.  Restrict your use of certain account features or ban or terminate
      your account.

- 5.  If we have reason to believe that you have committed a crime or
      are required to make such a determination under applicable law, we
      are required to notify the relevant government agencies and/or law
      enforcement agencies in the relevant jurisdictions and cooperate
      with their relevant efforts.

While we aim to implement this Policy consistently across all
jurisdictions, in some jurisdictions, there may be specific requirements
under applicable law that require parts of this Policy to be applied
differently. In addition, the laws governing WeChat are constantly
evolving, so please stay tuned for changes in laws and regulations
applicable to users in other jurisdictions.

If you wish to report another user who may have violated this Policy,
please see Section 12 of this Policy for details of how to contact us.

1.3 **How do we enforce this policy?**

We will take reasonable steps to enforce this policy and to consider
whether any content or behavior violates this policy. Please refer to
the rest of this policy for more information on what content or behavior
we consider to violate this policy.

We engage with our users and third-party experts from time to time to
ensure that this Policy continues to reflect our values and applicable
laws and regulations, while ensuring that using WeChat continues to be a
safe and fun experience for our users.

1.4 **How we detect harmful content**

We develop and deploy automated processes to detect and prevent harmful
content that violates this Policy (including content that violates any
applicable laws or regulations) from entering, being used or remaining
on WeChat, subject to compliance with obligations under applicable law
(including international law applicable to the services of our
affiliates). We may refuse or remove any harmful content that is
available on or distributed through WeChat that violates this Policy. If
you have any questions about actions taken under Section 1.4, you may
contact us at policy@wechat.com.

1.5 Interoperability with WeChat WeChat is interoperable with WeChat, so
you can communicate with WeChat users and use certain features operated
by WeChat.

When you use a feature operated by WeChat, you must comply with the
relevant WeChat Terms of Service or Service Agreement applicable to that
feature. Violation of these terms may result in us limiting the
interoperability of WeChat and WeChat at our discretion, including
limiting your use of features operated by WeChat. Please note that the
WeChat users you interact with must comply with the WeChat Terms of
Service, WeChat Personal Account Usage Guidelines, and any applicable
laws and regulations. This means that if your interaction with a WeChat
user may cause that WeChat user to violate the WeChat Terms of Service,
WeChat Personal Account Usage Guidelines, and any applicable laws and
regulations, WeChat may, at its sole discretion, limit or restrict the
interoperability of WeChat and WeChat, including limiting or restricting
the interaction of WeChat users with WeChat users.

Finally, we may also take action under this Policy at our discretion if
you have (or we have reason to believe that you have) breached this
Policy.

## 2. Violence and Crime

We do not allow violent, criminal, illegal or any other inappropriate
content on WeChat.

In particular, we will seek to ensure that any content that (in our
opinion) may pose a real risk of harm or an immediate threat to public
safety is removed as quickly as possible, wherever practicable.

In addition, any content that violates applicable laws and regulations
will be removed as soon as practicable.

Such content or conduct may include the following:

- 1.  Threats against others, including statements of intent to commit
      violence (including murder or offering services for a
      hit-for-hire) or other criminal acts (such as kidnapping);

- 2.  Instructions on how to make weapons or explosives;

- 3.  False information that encourages violence or physical harm;

- 4.  Any organization that incites or engages in/intends to incite any
      illegal activity;

- 5.  Incites or promotes violent crime, theft and/or fraud;

- 6.  Facilitating or facilitating potential criminal activity.

We also prohibit any organization or individual involved in any of the
above activities, including any related coordination or promotion.

Criminal and/or illegal activity in different jurisdictions may include:

- 7.  Terrorist activities, organized feuds, kidnapping, human
      trafficking or organized criminal activities;

- 8.  Violent behavior – such as murder, harming another person or
      animal (not including legal activities such as boxing, hunting or
      food preparation);

- 1.  Providing illegal goods or services – for example, hiring a
      killer, selling prohibited or illegal products, selling illegally
      obtained goods or services (for example, stolen information or
      goods), distributing counterfeit currency;

- 10. theft;

- 11. Vandalism/damage to property.

- 12. Misreporting – i.e. making a false report of an emergency;

- 13. fraud/embezzlement or money laundering;

- 14. Activities that violate consumer protection regulations – for
      example, false advertising and trading in counterfeit
      goods/services;

- 15. gamble.

More information about the various illegal activities that we prohibit
on WeChat is set out in the rest of this Policy.

## 3. Personal safety

We want to ensure that WeChat remains a safe environment for all users.

To this end, we prohibit any content or conduct that relates to,
describes, facilitates or incites participation in or solicits:

- 1.  Suicide and self-harm – including euthanasia, self-mutilation,
      drastic weight loss and risky cosmetic surgery;

- 2.  Child nudity and exploitation – including any content in which an
      adult appears soliciting a minor to engage in sexual activity (or
      vice versa);

- 3.  Sexual exploitation of adults – for example, acts or images of
      adults engaging in non-consensual sex, paid sexual services, and
      other types of pornography (regardless of whether their public
      distribution is consented to or not);

- 4.  Bullying and harassment – particularly of minors, and including
      any contact (such as text messages or phone calls) involving
      bullying behavior;

- 5.  Human exploitation – for example, trafficking (depriving a person
      of their liberty for profit) and human smuggling (arranging or
      facilitating illegal entry into a country), with or without
      coercion or force, or with or without a sexual element;

- 6.  Other behavior that we determine is reasonably likely to cause
      discomfort and/or distress.

## 4. Protection of Privacy and Private/Confidential Information

We are committed to protecting the privacy and private/confidential
information of our users and prohibit the sharing or publication of any
such information without the explicit consent of the relevant user or
other legal basis. Such prohibited actions include:

- 1.  identity theft;

- 2.  Publishing personal information without consent (including
      “doxxing” – publishing identifying information of a data subject
      with the intent to cause harassment, alarm or distress);

- 3.  Post any information obtained through hacking or other illegal or
      unethical means;

- 4.  Unauthorized disclosure of residence/hiding place;

- 5.  Posting information about minors.

In addition, we always treat and protect users' personal information in
accordance with our privacy policy.

## 5. Negative content

We prohibit objectionable negative content and behavior on WeChat. We
consider negative content and behavior to be any content or behavior
that we reasonably determine may cause discomfort and/or distress to
data subjects and/or the public. This may include:

- 1.  Hate speech – for example, direct attacks or other forms of
      “dehumanizing” speech or imagery based on race, ethnicity,
      national origin, religion, sexual orientation, or physical or
      mental disability;

- 2.  Graphically violent content – including violence against people
      and animals, alive or dead;

- 3.  Nudity and sexual activity;

- 4.  Sexual solicitation – for example, sharing pornographic material
      or explicitly offering/requesting sexual favours;

- 5.  Cruel and callous content, or other abusive behavior - for
      example, targeting victims of severe physical or mental harm,
      calling for someone's death, revenge porn, or false statements
      (for example, false statements about negative
      character/abilities).

## 6. Authentic content and behavior

We aim to ensure that content and behavior on WeChat remains authentic
by working to eliminate fake news, false information, misinformation,
false advertising, fraud, and security vulnerabilities on WeChat.

To this end, we prohibit the following:

- 1.  Spam content - including using fake accounts or stolen accounts to
      send messages to others or otherwise create connections or
      content; and attempting to contact other users under false
      pretenses (for example, false use of login credentials, or
      spreading false information);

- 2.  any manipulation or disruption of WeChat - including manipulation
      or disruption of other users’ use of WeChat;

- 3.  Coordinate, propagate, disseminate or engage in falsehoods,
      including those related to false news, false information or
      misinformation, or in connection with a topic or individual;

- 4.  Using WeChat on behalf of a government entity without adequate
      disclosure.

- 5.  Synthetic or manipulated content (including deep fakes) that could
      deceive, confuse, or harm others.

Various jurisdictions have implemented laws in this regard. We will
comply with these laws when required (including government requests and
court orders under these laws). For more information on how we handle
government requests, please see our Guidelines for Law Enforcement Data
Requests and Government Requests Policy.

## 7. Abuse of WeChat

7.1 **General**

We prohibit the misuse of WeChat. This includes:

- 1.  Misrepresenting your identity, for example, using a false name or
      date of birth, uploading fake photos claiming to be of you, or
      misleading users or WeChat as to the source or origin of any
      content;

- 2.  Creating fake accounts, or creating multiple accounts to abuse
      WeChat;

- 3.  Continue to create accounts after we have banned the use of
      WeChat;

- 4.  Provide false information to us, including during the registration
      process;

- 5.  Share your account with other users.

- 6.  Using WeChat to harass other users;

- 7.  Breach any other registration requirements that we may impose from
      time to time.

7.2 **Infringement of our rights and other technical subversion of
WeChat**

We prohibit any use of WeChat that infringes (or may infringe) our
rights or has a technologically disruptive effect on WeChat. Such use
may include:

- 1.  use or exploit any of our intellectual property rights (including
      our trademarks, brand names, logos, any of our other proprietary
      information or the layout or design of any page) or otherwise
      infringe any of our intellectual property rights (including
      attempting to reverse engineer any application or software used to
      access WeChat);

- 2.  Use any automated robot, software, engine, crawler, scraper, data
      mining tool or similar tool, or attempt to do any of the
      foregoing, in the process of accessing WeChat, collecting or
      processing any content provided through WeChat, or sending or
      redirecting any communications through WeChat;

- 3.  Engage in any "framing", "mirror syncing" or other techniques
      designed to simulate the appearance or functionality of WeChat;

- 4.  interfere or attempt to interfere with any user or any other
      party’s access to WeChat;

- 5.  Intentionally distribute viruses, worms, Trojan horses, corrupted
      files or other malicious code or items;

- 6.  Probe or test the vulnerability of WeChat, our systems or other
      users’ systems, or otherwise circumvent (or attempt to circumvent)
      any security features;

- 7.  modify, decompile or reverse engineer the WeChat Software, or
      attempt to do any of the foregoing, unless applicable laws and
      regulations do not allow us to prevent such actions;

- 8.  sublicense, rent, lease or sell the WeChat Software;

- 1.  use WeChat software to gain unauthorized access to any system,
      account or data;

- 10. Directly or indirectly charge others for the use of or access to
      the WeChat Software;

- 11. Suggest, directly or indirectly, that we support or endorse any
      products, services or content;

- 12. make the WeChat Software available for copying, downloading or use
      by any person;

- 13. remove, obscure or modify any copyright, trademark or other
      proprietary rights notices, marks or indicators found in or on the
      WeChat Software;

- 14. Misrepresent the origin or ownership of the WeChat Software;

- 15. copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works
      from the WeChat Software, or lend, rent, lease, demonstrate,
      sublicense, make available to the public, broadcast, disseminate,
      disseminate or otherwise use any item in whole or in part, or
      attempt to do any of the foregoing;

- 16. Attempt to subvert or interfere with WeChat software, including
      manipulating the legitimate operation of WeChat software;

- 17. Use cheats, exploits, automation software or any unauthorized
      third party software to modify or interfere with the WeChat
      Software;

- 18. interfere with or overburden any computer or server used to
      provide or support the WeChat Software or other users' use of the
      WeChat Software;

- 19. Develop any plug-ins, external components, compatible or
      interconnecting elements or other technologies that interact with
      the WeChat Software, unless we expressly allow you to do so
      through the WeChat Software (in which case your use of such WeChat
      Software may be subject to additional terms and conditions
      notified to you by us).

7.3 **Prohibited Users**

You may not register for or use WeChat if:

- 1.  You have been convicted of any child abuse or sexual assault
      offence;

- 2.  You are under the age of 13 or a minor in the jurisdiction in
      which you are located; or

- 3.  We have previously terminated your account and informed you that
      you may no longer use WeChat or any of our other services.

## 8. Regulated Goods and Services

Depending on the jurisdiction, certain goods and services may be illegal
or may only be distributed and/or sold under certain qualifications and
restrictions.

We recognize that different jurisdictions may treat different goods and
services differently. This needs to be balanced against our aim to apply
this policy fairly and consistently for all our international users.

Therefore, in some cases, we may completely prohibit the sale or
distribution of certain goods and service items. In other cases, we may
allow such sales or distribution, but subject to certain restrictions
(such as age or geographic restrictions) that we post. These
restrictions will take into account applicable laws and guidelines and
may be updated from time to time at our sole discretion.

These projects may include:

- 1.  Drugs, including drugs or pharmaceuticals that require a license
      or other legal approval for distribution, and other non-medical or
      recreational drugs (such as marijuana);

- 2.  Firearm parts, ammunition, and other weapons of violence,
      including 3D prints of such items;

- 3.  Selling or trading human organs and body parts, including human
      blood;

- 4.  Tobacco and alcohol products;

- 5.  Beauty treatments, including slimming products.

Further restrictions (and details of such restrictions) may be set out
in other applicable terms and conditions.

## 9. How we handle intellectual property and other content

We value intellectual property and are committed to ensuring that WeChat
complies with all applicable laws and regulations regarding intellectual
property. We may remove any content that infringes on a party's
intellectual property rights and/or other proprietary rights at any
time.

Our processing of intellectual property and other content is subject to
the following restrictions:

- 1.  Our Terms of Service - regarding the general use and distribution
      of content on WeChat.

- 2.  Our Copyright Policy - about how you can object to content that
      infringes your copyright on WeChat and have such infringing
      content removed.

- 3.  Our Privacy Policy - about how we treat your personal information
      that we collect, use and/or store.

- 4.  Our Law Enforcement Data Requests Guidelines and Government
      Requests Policy – see Section 10.

In addition, we will comply with the following requirements (subject to
applicable law and WeChat's relevant policies):

- 5.  Requests from users to delete their own accounts, including
      requests from parents to delete accounts of minors;

- 6.  A request by a certified next of kin or executor to delete a
      deceased user's account;

- 7.  Request by an authorized representative to delete an incapable
      user account;

- 8.  Requests to remove material related to minors in certain
      circumstances.

## 10. Requests from Government Agencies

10.1 We may receive various requests from government departments
regarding WeChat. If such requests meet the following conditions:

- 1.  from law enforcement pursuant to legal process (e.g., court
      injunction, court order, subpoena, police warrant), which we will
      process in accordance with our Law Enforcement Data Request
      Guidelines; and

- 2.  If made by any means other than as provided in subsection (a) by
      any governmental entity, we will process such requests in
      accordance with our Government Requests Policy.

## 11. Political propaganda content

11.1 We prohibit the posting of political propaganda content on WeChat
involving the following situations:

- 1.  A person or entity pays for the display of such political
      propaganda content (including any related advertisements) on
      WeChat; or

- 2.  The relevant political propaganda content does not comply with any
      applicable laws and regulations.

11.2 “ **Political Content** ” means any content that promotes:

- 1.  an election of a candidate, political party, or any elected or
      appointed public official (“election” includes the outcome of an
      election, referendum or political vote); or

- 2.  legal, regulatory or judicial outcomes, including changes in any
      of these matters.

Additionally, we do not accept political advocacy content provided by or
paid for by election candidates, political parties, or any elected or
appointed government officials.

11.3 Political propaganda may include the following:

- 1.  Get votes for the election.

- 2.  Appeals for financial support for political purposes.

- 3.  Request a change in law, regulation, or judicial outcome.

- 4.  Support or oppose any political propaganda subject.

11.4 We acknowledge that different jurisdictions may have different laws
governing political content. We will comply with such laws upon request,
including maintaining information about political advertising and
disclosing such information to relevant regulators. In addition,
government agencies may request the removal of political content in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations and our Government
Requests Policy.

11.5 We will continue to review this area and will consider implementing
country specific or other restrictions or qualifications from time to
time. We will notify users when such restrictions or qualifications are
implemented.

## 12. How to contact us

Please contact us at policy@wechat.com to report any violation (or
potential violation) of this Policy or to raise any other questions you
may have about this Policy.

## Addendum for Users Subject to Korean Jurisdiction

If you are a WeChat user under Korean jurisdiction, the following
Additional Terms: (i) are incorporated into this Policy; (ii) apply to
your use of WeChat; and (iii) prevail in the event of any inconsistency
with the main terms of this Policy.

1.  Under applicable Korean law, user-uploaded posts containing illegal
    video content may result in criminal consequences.
2.  If a post uploaded by a user contains illegal video content that
    carries criminal consequences under applicable Korean law, we may
    block the display of the post or delete the post, or refuse to post
    the post, pursuant to Article 22-5 (1) of the Korean
    Telecommunications Business Act.

## WeChat Community Guidelines

WeChat is a community network that connects users. We encourage sharing,
expression and communication on WeChat, while also working to protect
the safety and privacy of our users. We have created these Community
Guidelines to explain the types of content and behavior that are and are
not permitted on the platform. These Community Guidelines apply to all
WeChat users and all content on WeChat. If you choose to use the WeChat
platform and the services provided through the WeChat platform, you
agree to abide by these Community Guidelines.

We use human reviewers and technology to ensure that users comply with
these Community Guidelines. We also encourage users to report any
content that may violate these Community Guidelines. We reserve the
right to determine whether content on the WeChat platform violates these
Community Guidelines. Please refer to the details of these Community
Guidelines to learn more about the types of content or behavior that are
prohibited on the WeChat platform.

We may remove or change the visibility of content that violates the
WeChat Community Guidelines. For users who commit serious or repeated
violations, we may suspend or terminate their use of some or all of the
services provided through the WeChat platform, restrict their access to
any data, information, media or other content submitted, uploaded or
transmitted by themselves or other users in connection with the use of
the WeChat platform, or take other appropriate actions in accordance
with the WeChat Terms of Service and WeChat Acceptable Use Policy. Where
necessary, we may also cooperate with law enforcement agencies to
investigate any illegal conduct conducted on or through the WeChat
platform.

WeChat and Weixin are interconnected, so you can communicate with Weixin
users and view each other's Moments and Status in accordance with the
applicable terms. You can also use certain features operated by Weixin.
You can view a list of features operated by Weixin here. Please note
that when you interact with Weixin users, or use or receive
notifications of any features operated by Weixin (collectively, "
**Interconnections** "), the Weixin users you interact with are not
bound by the WeChat Terms of Service, but are instead bound by the
Tencent Weixin Software License and Service Agreement and the Weixin
Personal Account Usage Guidelines. In addition, if your interaction with
any Weixin user may cause the Weixin user to violate the Tencent Weixin
Software License and Service Agreement, the Weixin Personal Account
Usage Guidelines or other applicable laws and regulations, Weixin may,
at its sole discretion, block or restrict the interconnection between
Weixin and Weixin, including restricting Weixin users from interacting
with each other.

We may update this Community Guidelines from time to time based on the
emergence of new behaviors and risks. If you have any questions about
this Community Guidelines, please contact us using the feedback form in
WeChat.

## Fraud or Scam

WeChat prohibits conduct and content that constitutes or promotes fraud
or scams. Fraud generally involves the intention to deceive, mislead or
otherwise defraud another person in order to obtain money, property or
other benefits (or attempt to do so), thereby benefiting the scammer at
the expense of the victim. In many jurisdictions, fraud is a serious
criminal offence. On the other hand, scams generally involve schemes
involving money and some kind of business transaction, designed to
manipulate or trick another person into providing personal information,
financial information or money (whether successful or not). Scams may
become fraudulent when the scammer (or an individual other than the
victim) obtains money, property or other benefits through deception.

- You may not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on the WeChat platform any content that is intended to
  deceive, maliciously misrepresent or otherwise defraud or exploit
  others for money or property.
- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, broadcast or otherwise
  provide content on WeChat that provides instructions for,
  participation in, promotion, coordination, encouragement, promotion,
  recruitment or endorsement of any of the following activities:

1)  Actions that deceive others for monetary or personal gain to the
    detriment of a third party or entity, including but not limited to:

1\) Financial scams (including but not limited to investment scams that
offer free gifts and cash rebates, promise high rates of return, loan
scams, trading fraud, gambling scams, Ponzi or pyramid schemes, currency
or cash doubling or money laundering, charity scams, and insurance scams
including fake insurance agents); 2) Dating scams/impersonations
(including but not limited to fictional story scams, online dating
scams, scams through impersonation and the establishment of fake
businesses and entities); 3) Recruitment scams (including but not
limited to fake jobs, work-from-home or get-rich-quick scams); or 4)
Other frauds or scams (including but not limited to fraudulent game
top-ups, account theft, and scams that exploit the victim’s religious
beliefs);

2)  Working with others to fraudulently obtain money or personal benefit
    from a third party (such as an individual, business, or
    organization) by falsifying documents or financial instruments,
    including creating, selling, or purchasing:

1\) counterfeit currency or coupons; or 2) counterfeit educational and
professional certificates or other documents;

3)  Money laundering (i.e. concealing the origin of criminally-profited
    funds);

4)  Processing, trading, or providing stolen information, goods, or
    services by:

1\) credit card fraud and use of stolen financial information to
purchase goods or property; 2) trading, selling, purchasing personally
identifiable information, false and misleading user reviews or ratings,
credentials for subscription services or coupons; or 3) sharing,
selling, trading, or purchasing future exams or answers;

5)  Gambling manipulation (e.g. fixing match results);

6)  Bribery; or

7)  Misappropriation of public funds.

## Nudity and Sexual Content

WeChat prohibits any form of nudity and pornographic content on the
WeChat platform. In particular, WeChat firmly opposes non-consensual
abuse of private images (such as revenge porn) and nudity or
pornographic content involving or depicting children or minors.

## **exposed**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available any pornographic or sexually explicit content on
  WeChat, including the following (whether involving adults or minors):

1)  Pornographic content;  
    b) depicting sexual acts or sexual language;
2)  genitals;
3)  Sexual arousal;
4)  A fetish to satisfy sexual desires;
5)  Nudity; or
6)  Content similar to any of the above.

- Nudity or pornographic content prohibited on WeChat includes:

1)  direct exposure and depiction of genitalia;
2)  Sexual acts, sexual descriptions, descriptions of sexual methods, or
    language that is sexually suggestive and provocative;
3)  Descriptions of sexual acts or instruction in sexual techniques;
4)  Fictional content that violates moral values or involves incestuous
    acts;
5)  Sexual descriptions or suggestive language;
6)  Pornographic animation;
7)  Sexual abuse; and
8)  Sale of pornographic material.

## **Offering or requesting paid sexual acts**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat the following in exchange for any form of
  compensation:

1)  Sexual services, such as requesting, offering or soliciting escort
    services and rates for paid sexual services;
2)  Sex or sexual partners (including partners with shared hobbies or
    sexual interests);
3)  Sexual chat or conversation; or
4)  Nude photos, videos, images or sexually suggestive items.

## **Non-consensual pornography**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on the WeChat platform any content that is intended to
  force a party to pay, provide sexual or non-sexual benefits, or
  provide private pornographic content by threatening the party to
  expose their private pornographic content (including videos, photos or
  other images).
- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat any private pornographic content that meets
  all of the following conditions:

1)  The pornographic material is non-commercial in nature or produced in
    a private setting;
2)  Pornographic content in which characters are partially or fully
    nude, or engage in sexual acts or sexual postures; and
3)  The consent of the content participants was not obtained before
    sharing the pornographic content.

- If you are a victim of non-consensual pornography or believe that your
  intimate sexual content may have been shared without consent, we
  encourage you to seek help using the following resources:

1)  Resources and support provided by StopNCII.org; and
2)  Where to get help in your country

## **Child pornography**

- You may not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat any content that threatens, depicts, praises,
  supports, provides instructions, indicates intent, admits to engaging
  in or shares any content involving child sexual exploitation,
  including but not limited to:

1)  Child nudity;
2)  Sexual activity involving children;
3)  Depictions of children in sexual situations, such as the presence of
    sex toys, sexual clothing, undressing, or open-mouth kissing;
4)  Content that depicts children in sexually suggestive situations;
5)  Content that supports or encourages participation in pedophilia;
6)  Content that exposes or ridicules victims of child sexual
    exploitation;
7)  solicits child sexual abuse material, images of child nudity,
    sexualized images of children, or real-world sexual contact with
    children;
8)  Content that constitutes inappropriate interactions with children,
    such as engaging in sexual conversations with children,
    intentionally exposing children to sexually explicit language or
    material, or soliciting sexual material from children;
9)  Attempting to obtain monetary, sexual or non-sexual benefits or
    private sexual content from a child by threatening to expose the
    child's private sexual content or other private information;
10) Content that attempts to share, threatens or states an intent to
    share private sexual conversations or images with children; and
11) Depictions of child sexual abuse in computer-generated forms such as
    computer-generated imagery (CGI), cartoons, drawings, animations,
    comics and other non-photographic forms of child sexual abuse.

- If you come across child sexual abuse material on the WeChat platform,
  or suspect that sexual abuse images of a child have been shared on the
  platform, we encourage you to use the following resources to find out
  more about how to seek further help:

1)  The Internet Watch Foundation's international whistleblowing
    platform; and
2)  Find a local hotline to report child pornography or other sexually
    abusive material.

## **exception**

- We may allow the following exceptions at our discretion, provided
  there is sufficient evidence or context to show that the content is
  not sexual in nature:

1)  female genitalia displayed during and after childbirth;
2)  female nipples shown in breastfeeding, birth, and postpartum
    moments;
3)  Male or female genitalia, female nipples, or other body parts shown
    in medical or health contexts (e.g., health checkups, disease
    prevention or evaluation, breast cancer awareness, etc.); and
4)  Artworks that are not sexually suggestive (for example, sculptures
    such as Venus and David).

## Hateful, spammy or other inappropriate conduct

WeChat prohibits a range of behaviours and content that we deem
inappropriate for sharing via the WeChat platform, which are described
in more detail in this section below.

## **Hate speech and discrimination**

- Hate speech refers to direct attacks on people based on certain
  protected characteristics, including but not limited to age, race,
  ethnicity, national origin, disability, religion, caste, sexual
  orientation, gender identity, immigration status and serious medical
  conditions. This can be through violent or demeaning speech, harmful
  stereotypes, statements of inferiority, expressions of contempt,
  disgust or rejection, swearing and calls for exclusion or segregation.
- You must not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat any content that contains or incites hatred
  or discrimination against any person based on any of the protected
  characteristics listed above; or that could reasonably be construed as
  hateful, harassing, abusive (physical, sexual or verbal), racially or
  ethnically offensive, discriminatory against a particular individual
  or group, defamatory, humiliating or disrespectful of others, local
  ethics or customs (publicly or otherwise), threatening, profane or
  otherwise objectionable, including demeaning remarks or images,
  mocking victims of hate crimes and derogatory remarks about appearance
  or intelligence.

## **gamble**

- Gambling generally refers to risking money, other property or profit
  in a game of chance or luck. You may not upload, share, post,
  transmit, live stream or otherwise make available on WeChat:

1)  Any content depicting gambling activities (including but not limited
    to private gambling, red envelope gambling using WeChat red envelope
    function, chess and card gambling, and H5 platform gambling);
2)  Inducing another person to gamble; or
3)  Promote casinos, sports betting, poker, lotteries, gambling-related
    software and applications, or other gambling services.

- However, depending on the circumstances, we may allow the following
  exceptions:

1)  Legal gambling-related content (such as legal public lotteries or
    lucky draws), provided that such content does not promote any form
    of gambling and is not associated with other gambling that may be
    illegal or not permitted on the WeChat platform;
2)  Content that educates the public about the dangers of gambling or
    gambling addiction.

## **Self-harm or suicide**

- WeChat prohibits content that depicts or encourages self-harm or
  suicide. Self-harm is defined as intentional direct bodily harm and
  includes self-mutilation and eating disorders. Specifically:

1)  You may not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
    make available on the WeChat platform any content that promotes,
    encourages, glorifies or depicts self-harm, suicide or other
    dangerous behaviour.
2)  Any content that encourages self-harm or suicide that experts tell
    us could lead others to engage in similar behaviour is prohibited,
    including graphic and real-time depictions of self-harm and suicide,
    instructions on how to commit suicide or self-harm, suicide notes
    without sufficient context and discussion, and discussions about
    methods, places and hotspots of self-harm or suicide. However, we
    want WeChat to be a space where people can share their experiences,
    raise awareness of these issues and seek support from each other, so
    we may, at our discretion, allow discussions in limited
    circumstances that do not involve encouraging or promoting self-harm
    or self-injury.
3)  Any content that negatively targets victims or survivors of
    self-harm or suicide is prohibited.
4)  Any content that promotes, encourages, glorifies or depicts
    dangerous behavior is prohibited. We define dangerous behavior as
    conduct that is intentionally performed in a non-professional
    context or without the necessary skills and safety precautions, and
    that could result in serious physical injury, severe psychological
    distress, or death.
5)  Any content that calls on individuals or specific groups of people
    to self-harm or commit suicide is prohibited.

- If you need help with self-harm or suicide, either for yourself or
  someone else, we encourage you to refer to the resources provided by
  Befrienders Worldwide, which includes information on hotlines in
  various countries.

## **Spam**

- Spam refers to unsolicited and usually commercial messages sent to a
  large number of users via the Internet (such as emails, messages or
  posts on the Internet) for the purpose of advertising, phishing,
  spreading malware, etc. The following behaviors are not allowed to
  spread spam on the WeChat platform:

1)  Send unauthorized or unsolicited spam messages when using the WeChat
    platform;
2)  Post, share, or engage with content manually or automatically at a
    high rate to the point of spam or harassment;
3)  Excessive sharing of automatically generated content that harms the
    user experience of other users;
4)  Promises of free money, products, software, or gaming benefits in
    exchange for installing software, downloading an app, or performing
    other tasks;
5)  Posting content about surveys or giveaways that promote pyramid
    schemes;
6)  Sending pay-per-click referral links in posts or chats;
7)  Share links to harmful software or phishing websites;
8)  Share links to fake stores in posts or chats.

## **Harassment and bullying**

- Harassment is unlawful conduct that causes psychological or emotional
  harm to another person and can include repeated and unwanted contact,
  insults, threats, touching, or offensive language.
- Bullying is the intentional abuse of power in a relationship that
  results in physical, social and/or psychological harm to another
  person through repeated verbal, physical and/or social behavior.
  Bullying may involve an individual or group of people abusing their
  power over one or more people who are unable to stop the bullying.
- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, broadcast or otherwise
  provide any content on the WeChat platform that is malicious to
  others, including:

1)  Repeatedly contacting another person or group of people in a manner
    that is unwelcome, sexually harassing, or unsolicited;
2)  Targeting another person as a victim of sexual assault, sexual
    exploitation, sexual harassment, or domestic violence;
3)  appeals to death, serious illness, disability, epidemic, or bodily
    injury;
4)  (Using derogatory terms to attack others;
5)  Disclose or threaten to disclose another person's telephone number,
    address, email address, or other personal information;
6)  Making grossly sexualized comments;
7)  Share photoshopped images or illustrations that are derogatory;
8)  Hoax calls to the police or other emergency services;
9)  Promote or express a desire to engage in harassment or bullying;
10) Making derogatory or hateful remarks about individuals depicted
    during or after menstruation, urination, vomiting, or defecation;
11) Claiming that another person has or may have a sexually transmitted
    disease;
12) Makes allegations of criminal or illegal conduct that are not based
    on fact or supported by evidence; or
13) Share videos that depict bullying.

## Violence

WeChat prohibits particularly violent or gory content, such as images or
videos depicting dismemberment, entrails, corpses, human torture, and
animal abuse, in order to protect the mental and physical health of our
users.

## **Graphic violence**

- You may not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available any content on the WeChat platform that is violent or
  depicts illegal acts of violence against any person.

## **Incitement**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat the following:

1)  Content that depicts or promotes cruel, violent, or illegal acts
    against people (including, but not limited to, playground fights
    between minors, dismemberment, evisceration, and human torture);
2)  Encouraging others to commit acts of violence against individuals or
    specific groups;
3)  Contains content depicting street fights, physical assaults, sexual
    assaults, torture, corpses, or violent demonstrations. Violence and
    threats

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat the following:

1)  Attempts, threats or statements to commit acts of violence that
    could result in death or serious injury;
2)  Acknowledge past violence against people or places;
3)  Providing instruction on the manufacture or use of weapons or
    explosives for the purpose of seriously injuring or killing another
    person.

## **Animal cruelty**

- On the WeChat platform, you may not upload, share, post, transmit,
  live broadcast or otherwise make available content that depicts or
  promotes animal cruelty, violence or illegal acts, except for scenes
  depicting production, hunting, fishing, religious sacrifices or food
  preparation, processing or consumption.

## Account Security

- WeChat prohibits any behavior that undermines the security of our user
  accounts, especially impersonating WeChat user accounts to interact
  with other WeChat users.
- When using WeChat, you must not register or log in to an account or
  access the WeChat platform in any illegal or unauthorized manner
  (including but not limited to using third-party software or systems
  not developed, authorized or approved by us, or using credentials and
  login information that have been stolen or leaked without the account
  owner's permission, or by impersonating any person or organization or
  misrepresenting your relationship with any person or organization).
- Examples of actions that may compromise the integrity of your account
  include:

1)  Creating and using a WeChat account with the same or similar name as
    another WeChat account with the intent to impersonate that account;
2)  Use another person's real name, WeChat username, profile picture,
    brand, logo or other personal information to mislead others into
    believing that you are that person;
3)  Impersonate a business, friends and family, WeChat/Tencent
    representatives, law enforcement agencies, teachers, regulators,
    customer service representatives, government agencies, etc. to
    commit fraud or other improper purposes;
4)  Break into a WeChat user's account and access his account and other
    information without authorization;
5)  Unauthorized intrusion into a WeChat user's account, impersonating
    the WeChat user to commit fraud or other improper purposes.

## Intellectual Property Infringement

- WeChat takes intellectual property rights very seriously and is
  committed to ensuring that our platform complies with all applicable
  intellectual property laws and regulations. WeChat expressly prohibits
  the following types of intellectual property infringements.

## **Copyright and Trademark Infringement**

- Copyright law is designed to protect the legitimate interests of
  original works, including but not limited to literary, artistic,
  musical and dramatic works. Therefore, you may not upload, share,
  post, transmit, live stream or otherwise make available on the WeChat
  platform any content that infringes, misappropriates or violates the
  intellectual property rights of others, including copyright and
  trademark infringement. For example, posting any photograph or
  painting without the permission of the photographer or author, or
  using any trademark without the approval of the trademark owner.
- A trademark is a word, slogan, symbol or design (such as a brand name
  or logo) used to distinguish the products or services provided by one
  business from those provided by other businesses. Generally, trademark
  law is intended to prevent consumer confusion as to the source of a
  product or service. You may not remove, obscure or modify in any way
  any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice, mark or
  indication on the WeChat Platform.

## **Counterfeit goods**

- Counterfeit goods are products that are manufactured or sold under the
  brand name without the brand owner's authorization (usually of lower
  quality than the original). Merchants who sell such products may be
  found to be infringing the brand owner's trademark, patent, or
  copyright by passing off their products as manufactured by the brand
  owner.
- You may not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available any content on the WeChat platform that purchases,
  sells, trades or solicits for counterfeit goods.

## Safety of minors

A minor is a person who has not reached the legal age of majority under
the applicable laws of the place where he/she is located and is still
considered a child under such laws. WeChat is committed to protecting
the safety of minors on our platform. We prohibit any behavior that
harms, abuses, endangers or exploits minors on WeChat and may remove any
content depicting such behavior upon receiving a report. In this
section, we provide examples of behavior or content that undermines the
safety of minors that are prohibited on the WeChat platform.

## **Public disclosure of information about minors**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, broadcast or otherwise
  disclose personal information of minors on the WeChat platform,
  including but not limited to name, address (online and offline),
  personal identification number, and telephone number, unless in
  compliance with applicable laws.
- If we receive a report from a minor or their parent or legal guardian,
  we may remove photos and videos involving minors at our discretion.

## **Child abuse**

- WeChat prohibits content that promotes, encourages, solicits or
  depicts child abuse or exploitation (whether sexual or non-sexual).

## **Cyberbullying**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, broadcast or otherwise
  make available the following content targeted at minors on the WeChat
  platform:

1)  appeals for death or illness;
2)  Allegations of engaging in sexual activity or having a sexually
    transmitted disease;
3)  allegations regarding romantic relationships, sexual orientation, or
    gender identity;
4)  negative physical descriptions;
5)  allegations of religious identity or blasphemy;
6)  words expressing contempt or disgust;
7)  Allegations of criminal or illegal conduct;
8)  Share videos of bullying (except in contexts that condemn the
    behavior).

## Terrorism, violent extremism and other crimes

WeChat strictly prohibits any content or behavior that constitutes
criminal conduct, including content or behavior that may pose a real
risk, harm or direct threat to public safety, or violate any applicable
laws and regulations.

## **Terrorism and other harmful acts**

- WeChat strictly prohibits terrorism and violent extremism. We do not
  allow individuals or organizations to use the WeChat platform to
  promote terrorism, violent extremism, crime, or other types of harmful
  behavior. Terrorism is the use of political violence and fear of a
  target audience to achieve the ultimate goal of behavioral and social
  change through coercion, whether to advance religious, political, or
  any other ideology. Violent extremism is a type of extremism that
  encourages the deliberate use of violence, such as religious or
  political violence. Extremist views can be manifested across a range
  of areas, including politics, religion, and gender relations.
  Extremism is a term used to describe certain attitudes, beliefs, and
  behaviors that are often at the extremes of a sociopolitical,
  religious, or ideological spectrum.
- If we believe that a user or users pose a threat to the security of
  the WeChat platform or other users on the platform, we may suspend or
  terminate the account of the relevant user and notify the relevant law
  enforcement agencies. Therefore, on the WeChat platform, it is
  prohibited to publish statements, calls and promotional content of the
  following behaviors:

1)  Terrorist activities and terrorist organizations;
2)  collective acts of hate;
3)  mass or serial murder;
4)  Human trafficking; and
5)  Organized violence, rioting, or criminal activity.

## **Sale or transfer of protected wildlife**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat the following:

1)  Attempt to buy, sell, trade, donate or give away, or seek protected
    wildlife or endangered species or their parts;
2)  Admitting to, or through others, illegal hunting, purchasing, or
    trading of endangered species or their parts;
3)  Depicts the illegal hunting of endangered species or their parts by
    oneself or through others; or
4)  Promote, encourage, coordinate or provide instructions for the use
    or production of products from endangered species or their parts.

## **Sale or transfer of controlled goods or services**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat the following:

1)  Depicts, promotes, or trades firearms, firearm parts, ammunition,
    explosives, or lethal enhancements;
2)  Providing instructions for manufacturing firearms, firearm parts,
    ammunition, explosives, or lethal enhancements;
3)  Attempting to privately buy, sell, trade, donate or give away
    alcohol or tobacco products, and the content is not posted by a
    page, group or social media profile representing a real
    brick-and-mortar store, legitimate website or brand;
4)  Attempting to buy, sell, trade, donate, give away or solicit
    recreational drugs;
5)  Admitting to purchasing or trading recreational drugs, either
    personally or through another person;
6)  Admitting recreational drug use without acknowledging or mentioning
    rehabilitation, treatment, or other help to combat recreational drug
    use;
7)  Promotes, encourages, coordinates, or provides instructions for the
    use or preparation of recreational drugs;
8)  Attempting to buy, sell, trade, donate, or give away sex products
    and sexual enhancement products, weight loss products, or
    potentially dangerous cosmetic procedures;
9)  Attempting to buy, sell or trade content related to driving
    offenses, such as offering to process driving offenses on behalf of
    offending drivers, or trading driving penalty points;
10) Attempting to buy, sell, or trade content related to dark web
    products, such as leaked data, cybercrime knowledge, and tutorials;
11) Attempting to buy, sell, or trade regulated items and services,
    including, but not limited to, human organs and body parts, human
    blood, counterfeit currency, historical artifacts, and hazardous
    materials.

## **Human Exploitation**

- You may not, and may not allow others to, upload, share, publish,
  transmit, live stream or otherwise make available on the WeChat
  platform any content that may lead to human exploitation, including
  but not limited to:

1)  Sex trafficking involving minors and/or adults;
2)  human trafficking and smuggling;
3)  Child trafficking or illegal adoption;
4)  orphan trafficking and orphanage volunteer tourism;
5)  forced marriage;
6)  arranged marriages with refugees or internally displaced persons;
7)  Labour exploitation (including slave labour);
8)  domestic servitude;
9)  non-regenerative organ trafficking;
10) Forced criminal activity (e.g. forced begging, forced drug
    trafficking); and
11) Recruiting child soldiers.

## **Other criminal acts**

- You may not upload, share, post, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on the WeChat platform any content that may violate
  applicable laws, regulations, ordinances or rules (such as extremist
  information).
- WeChat prohibits any content that promotes or incites others to commit
  crimes, including but not limited to:

1)  theft;
2)  Fraud;
3)  sexual assault and violence;
4)  Destroy or damage other people or public property; and
5)  Causing physical harm to an individual or group of individuals.

## Invasion of personal data privacy

WeChat is committed to protecting users’ personal data and prohibits any
actions that undermine or may undermine the security of users’ personal
data or their rights associated with such data.

## **Sharing of personal data without consent**

- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, broadcast or otherwise
  make available the following personal data on the WeChat platform,
  unless you obtain the explicit consent of the relevant personal data
  subject:

1)  Personally identifiable information (including, but not limited to,
    personal identification or identification numbers, driver’s license
    or license plate numbers, and passwords or codes used to access
    private information);

2)  Other private information (including, but not limited to, addresses,
    email addresses, and telephone numbers) unless used to promote a
    charitable cause, locate missing persons, animals, or items, or
    contact commercial service providers.

If you find that your personal information has been disclosed on the
WeChat platform without consent, you can contact the relevant user
directly and ask them to delete the information as soon as possible. In
addition, you can also submit a report to us, and we will take
appropriate action against the user in accordance with this Community
Guidelines and WeChat Privacy Policy.

## Other inappropriate content

- When using WeChat, you agree not to engage in any conduct that may
  harm the rights and interests of WeChat and/or our users.
- You may not upload, share, publish, transmit, live stream or otherwise
  make available on WeChat the following:

1)  Contains any deceptive, fraudulent or misleading information, news,
    business plans, proposals or transactions;
2)  Constitutes a “deep fake,” which is the use of deep learning AI to
    replace one person’s likeness with another person’s video and other
    digital media, and other similar generative AI content designed to
    deceive or mislead others;
3)  Content that depicts disgusting or nauseating scenes or contains
    psychological implications of such scenes that are unacceptable to
    the general public;
4)  Use the WeChat platform to advertise or solicit business for any
    product (unless expressly permitted by the WeChat Terms of Service);
5)  Content that misrepresents or denigrates WeChat, its affiliates, or
    any products or services provided by WeChat and/or its affiliates;
6)  rebroadcast any television broadcast, live concert, sporting event,
    competition or other live event without the prior consent of the
    broadcaster, concert or event organiser (as the case may be);
7)  Content that creates a risk of loss or damage to any person or
    property;
8)  Conducting special purpose relief activities and promotion of
    financial assistance (donation) organizations without accurate and
    full express permission from the authorized agency;
9)  Content that encourages or may encourage any behavior that we
    prohibit under these Community Guidelines.
