# Good practices: 10 “yes” and 10 “no”

Let's put aside the legalese and dispel all doubts. Here is a list of
things that are allowed and prohibited on Wykop.

## 10 "yes"

### YES - Add

Share interesting Finds. Remember that Wykop is created by users and it
is up to you what content will appear on our site.

### YES - Comment

Share your opinions and point of view. We want to hear your opinion and
find out what you like and why. This will help us shape the service
better, in line with user preferences.

### YES - Discuss

Wykop Community is full of interesting people. Talk, meet and integrate
with them! If you want to meet in person, follow our announcements -
don't let yourself miss the Wykop Party we organize!

### YES - Browse

See what interests others, check what's going on on the Internet. Keep
up with the latest news. If you haven't been on Wykop for a while, open
the "Hits" tab and check which links enjoyed the most interest.

### YES - Dig It Out

By digging, you will not only help us create a ranking of the most
interesting Finds, but you will also easily find your favorite content
again - all the links you have dug up can be found in your profile.

### YES - Follow

Follow users who add interesting Finds. Create your own network of
people with whom you have a lot in common.

### YES - Describe and tag

Remember to describe, tag and categorize your Finding well, so that it
can be easily found among dozens of links added every day. A good
description also has a huge marketing power - if you want your Finding
to be dug up by many people, take a moment to write it correctly,
factually and without excessive use of Caps Lock.

Also remember to properly mark embedded broadcasts, videos or other
messages in terms of their possible negative impact on the development
of minors in specific age categories. The rules for marking such content
are specified in Annex 2 to the Regulations. In order to protect minors,
we hide some content for users who have not registered and have not
declared their age.

### YES - Inform

Has a blatant example of a breach of the regulations caught your eye?
Let us know by using the "report" function visible next to each Finding
and Comment or by contacting us using the contact form. We will respond
as soon as possible, within the time specified in the Regulations! If
you do not agree with the decision, remember that the matter may be
resolved amicably. In the event that the report concerns content in the
form of links to broadcasts, videos or other communications embedded on
Wykop, the mediator may be a natural person entered on the list of
mediators kept by the Chairman of the National Broadcasting Council. You
are also entitled to appeals, in particular those specified in the
Regulations.

### YES - Advertise

But only after consulting us! Contact the advertising department and see
what we can offer your brand. Do not run an advertising campaign on
Wykop on your own. Such intrusive actions are not well-received by the
community and end with your account being blocked.

In the case of placing commercial messages in broadcasts, videos and
other messages embedded on Wykop, apply the principles set out in Annex
3 to the Regulations.

### YES - Have fun!

What this is really about is great entertainment. Wykop.pl is a site for
people like you, so have fun here!

## 10 "no"

### Don't be boring

Add only noteworthy finds. Uninteresting content will not find its
supporters here.

### Do not duplicate

Always check if the Find you are adding is not already on Wykop. Our
duplicate search engine will help you with that. Don't try to cheat by
changing the Find link - when we say it was, it means it was!

### Don't manipulate votes

Digging up one Find from multiple accounts is a scam that we do not
tolerate. We have blocked you, although you have nothing on your
conscience? Write to us - we will check if there was no mistake.
Incorrect selection of the reason for burial is also frowned upon.

### Do not add inappropriate content

Inappropriate content includes, among others, pornographic, racist,
homophobic, anti-Semitic, Islamophobic, nationalist, xenophobic,
promoting drug use or violence, and many others that are illegal,
threaten the proper development of minors, facilitate the commission of
a crime, promote bad behavior, or arouse negative feelings of the
administration and users. Such content, depending on its tone, may
result in a several-day or even permanent account ban. Due to the
controversial issue of what is and what is not inappropriate content,
the final decision rests with the Wykop administration, which may
prevent access to the content. In some cases, if we consider that the
content you have added is inappropriate, we may first ask you to remove
it.

Wykop may prevent you from posting content in cases described in the
Regulations. We justify our decisions, and if you do not agree with
them, you have the right to appeal, in particular those specified in the
Regulations. If you have the right to file a complaint with the National
Broadcasting Company, its Chairman may, by way of a decision, order: to
prevent, to restore access to content, to restore the possibility of
embedding broadcasts, videos or other transmissions.

Also remember that the Internet is not anonymous! By breaking the law
you expose yourself to civil and criminal liability.

### Don't add invalid tags

Different phrases are more or less popular on Wykop. Adding incorrect
tags or deliberately choosing the wrong Category to increase the
popularity of your Find is particularly badly received by users, as it
creates a lot of mess. It's like someone throwing a pickled cucumber
into a jar of your favorite candies because they thought you'd find it
there sooner. You have to admit it - it's annoying.

### Don't swear

Even though some Findings arouse exceptionally strong emotions, maintain
a culture of speech. Remember that our Community also includes underage
users - set a good example for them.

### Don't be offensive

While we can turn a blind eye to a minor curse, we absolutely do not
tolerate insulting any Wykopowicz. Such behavior will end with a warning
or blocking of the account. Remember - we do not accept any excuses.

### Don't spam

Do you have your own business and want to promote yourself on Wykop?
Great! Contact our advertising department! We will be happy to prepare
something for you. Wykop is not a catalog of websites, so pay attention
to the content you add and try to make it interesting and not come from
a single domain. Spam is also considered to be any other activity that
aims to promote one specific website or brand, such as a login
containing the website address. We thank spammers. Permanently.

### Don't flood

Many times we feel like sharing some of our golden thoughts with the
whole world. This is absolutely understandable, as long as it is done
once. Flooding the site with the same content is frowned upon and
punished accordingly, especially if it is related to spam.

### Don't troll

As is the case in nature, there are many species of trolls. All are
equally unbearable and unpleasant in relationships, which is why users
usually report trolls prowling Wykop. The milder species of trolls are
usually treated with a warning, but we have no mercy for the more
aggressive ones and their accounts are blocked.
