# **Xiaohongshu Community Standards**

# Updated: December 17, 2021

# Effective date: December 24, 2021

Dear little sweet potatoes, welcome to the sweet potato field! In order
to create a real, positive and diverse community atmosphere, we hope
that the little sweet potatoes can abide by the regulations and jointly
maintain our community environment.

 

## **1. Values**

Xiaohongshu encourages users to post content that is in line with the
mainstream values of contemporary society.

1.1 Comply with the Constitution and laws and regulations

1.2 Practice the core values of socialism

1.3 Promote patriotism, collectivism and socialism

1.4 Spread the correct view of history, nation, country and culture

1.5 Carry forward the excellent traditional culture of the Chinese
nation

1.6 Promote social morality, professional ethics, family and personal
virtues, and respect public order and good customs

1.7 Promote the scientific spirit and popularize scientific knowledge

1.8 Promote a positive, healthy and progressive trend and lifestyle

 

## **II. Laws and Regulations**

Xiaohongshu will adopt the strictest management measures to eliminate
any behavior within the community that violates laws and regulations and
endangers national and social security.

**2.1 Comply with basic principles**

The Xiaohongshu platform prohibits the publication and dissemination of
content containing the following information:

2.1.1 Violation of the basic principles established by the Constitution

2.1.2 Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting
state power, or undermining national unity

2.1.3 Damage to national honor and interests, such as damage to the
image of the national flag and national emblem

2.1.4 Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining
ethnic unity

2.1.5 Undermine the state’s religious policies and promote cults and
feudal superstitions

2.1.6 Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social
stability

2.1.7 Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder,
terror, or instigating crime

2.1.8 Insulting or slandering others, or infringing upon the legitimate
rights and interests of others

2.1.9 Propagating terrorism, extremism, or inciting terrorist or
extremist activities

2.1.10 Insulting and abusing the image of heroes and martyrs, denying
and distorting the deeds of heroes and martyrs, and glorifying or
whitewashing invaders and acts of aggressive war

2.1.11 Attacking and defaming party and state leaders, fabricating
negative information about leaders, and abusing the image of leaders

2.1.12 Content that violates public order and good morals, such as
vulgar wedding pranks, etc.

2.1.13 Contains other content prohibited by laws and administrative
regulations

**2.2 Protecting the legal rights and interests of minors**

In order to better shoulder the social responsibility of protecting the
legitimate rights and interests of minors, Xiaohongshu platform has set
up a youth mode. In this mode, browsing content and usage time are
restricted, live broadcast rewards and recharge functions are
prohibited; management regulations for content involving minors are
formulated, and other content that is not conducive to the physical and
mental health of minors is dealt with seriously, including but not
limited to the following:

2.2.1 Content involving pornography or vulgarity involving minors, such
as showing marriage and childbirth of minors, sexual assault, etc.

2.2.2 Violence and bullying involving minors, such as violent crimes,
corporal punishment, school bullying, etc.

2.2.3 Involving disclosure of the privacy of minors, such as displaying
the sexual organs of minors, disclosing personal privacy, etc.

2.2.4 Involving bad behavior of minors, such as religious teaching,
drinking and smoking, cult animation, etc.

2.2.5 Methods and strategies for circumventing system supervision of
minors, such as deliberately circumventing anti-addiction and youth mode

2.2.6 Other content that endangers the safety and health of minors

**2.3 Resist all illegal information**

2.3.1 It is prohibited to spread illegal content involving prohibited
items, including but not limited to: drugs, prohibited drugs, illegal
tools, such as marijuana, opium, prescription drugs, investment and
financial products, counterfeit currency, guns, tobacco, explosives,
circumvention software, plug-in programs and other content; b. Involving
prohibited activities, including but not limited to: related to pyramid
schemes, fetal gender identification, selling counterfeit goods and
other content

2.3.2 It is prohibited to publish fraudulent or gambling information.
Publishing fraudulent information, such as impersonating official
customer service, regular websites, providing false winning information
in the form of SMS, private messages or links within the site, designing
"pig killing" type fraud, etc. b. Providing gambling trading platform
information or gambling services, such as gambling platform links,
currency dealers, intermediaries, game currency recycling, etc. c.
Gambling content involving gambling skills, gambling equipment, such as
slot machines, perspective poker, etc.

**2.4 Resist all pornographic and vulgar content**

Prohibited information includes but is not limited to:

2.4.1 Content that directly exposes and describes sexual parts of the
human body

2.4.2 Content that shows or implies sexual behavior, or is provocative
or insulting

2.4.3 Content that uses sexually suggestive or provocative language to
describe sexual behavior, sexual processes, or sexual methods

2.4.4 The whole body or private parts are not covered with clothes, and
only the body parts are covered with clothes.

2.4.5 Content that violates personal privacy, such as exposure, candid
photos, or leaks

2.4.6 Content that attracts clicks with vulgar and provocative titles

2.4.7 Pornographic and socially indecent text, audio and video content
prohibited by relevant departments, including deleted clips from some
movies

2.4.8 Spread harmful information such as one-night stands, wife
swapping, sexual abuse, etc.

2.4.9 Erotic anime and novels

2.4.10 Content that promotes violence, malicious abuse, insults to
others, etc.

2.4.11 Illegal advertisements for sexually transmitted diseases and
treatments, etc.

2.4.12 Malicious dissemination of content that infringes on the privacy
of others

2.4.13 Promote links, pictures, texts, etc. of pornographic websites and
vulgar information on the Internet

 

## **3. Transactions and conduct**

Xiaohongshu prohibits sales activities that infringe upon the legitimate
rights and interests of consumers or disrupt the market order, prohibits
the sale of high-risk content, and discourages the release of marketing
or diversion information, including but not limited to the following:

**3.1 Trading Behavior**

3.1.1 Acts that infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of
consumers, such as counterfeit and inferior goods, infringement of other
people’s accounts and finances, malicious harassment, etc.

3.1.2 Behaviors that disrupt market order, such as false advertising,
false transactions, price fraud, infringement of intellectual property
rights, etc.

3.1.3 Posting and selling high-risk content, such as cosmetic surgery,
medical devices, etc.

3.1.4 Post other content with marketing tendencies, such as purchasing
on behalf of others, reselling, group buying, etc.

**3.2 Flow conduction behavior**

3.2.1 Publish contact information directed to individuals, such as
mobile phone number, WeChat ID, email address, address, etc.

3.2.2 Publish contact information to divert traffic to other platforms,
such as website links, QR codes, watermarks, etc.

 

## **IV. Improper Conduct**

Xiaohongshu does not encourage the posting of unfriendly, deceptive or
dangerous content, and prohibits any cheating information and behavior,
including but not limited to the following:

**4.1 Unfriendly/Inappropriate Content**

4.1.1 Posting content that contains personal attacks or harassment of
others, such as insults, humiliation, malicious provocation, deliberate
harassment, etc.

4.1.2 Posting content that contains uncivilized behavior, such as
smoking in non-smoking areas, obstructing guide dogs, spitting, etc.

4.1.3 Posting content that seriously affects user experience, such as
bloody and horrific first images, clickbait titles, and inconsistent
images and texts.

4.1.4 The shared products and content are irrelevant, have no real
experience, do not restore the real feelings, refer too much to the
merchant's instructions or use too many official promotional statements

4.1.5 Posting other content that does not conform to the public
aesthetics

**4.2 Deceptive Behavior**

4.2.1 Fabricating social rumors about public figures, such as terminal
illness, death, or other information that is contrary to the facts

4.2.2V publishes content that violates scientific common sense, such as
publishing content in the fields of food safety, health and wellness
that has been debunked by official or authoritative organizations

**4.3 Dangerous Behavior**

4.3.1 Dangerous behaviors that are easy to imitate, such as dangerous
driving, improper use of open flames, interference with elevators, etc.

4.3.2 Dangerous behaviors without safety warnings and protective
measures, such as extreme sports without warnings, high-altitude
behaviors without protective measures, etc.

**4.4 Cheating**

4.4.1 Malicious account registration, such as batch registration, etc.

4.4.2 Abuse rights to register or open multiple accounts, and conduct
improper activities such as destroying or disrupting the order of the
Xiaohongshu platform

4.4.3 Publishing notes in abnormal modes, such as batch publishing,
high-frequency publishing, machine publishing, etc.

4.4.4 Generate false data, such as false followers, likes, favorites,
comments, etc., through programs, script simulation, human brushing or
other abnormal means or methods

4.4.5 Any behavior that seeks improper benefits, damages the rights and
interests of others, or interferes with the normal operation of the
Xiaohongshu platform, such as malicious framing, malicious reporting,
etc.

4.4.6 Other acts that disrupt the order of the Xiaohongshu platform,
affect the fairness and authenticity of the Xiaohongshu platform, or
cause other situations that are not conducive to the healthy development
of the ecosystem

## **5. Infringement**

Xiaohongshu prohibits any acts that infringe upon the legitimate rights
and interests of others, such as imitation, impersonation, plagiarism,
including but not limited to the following:

**5.1 Right to name, portrait, reputation and privacy**

5.1.1 Unauthorized use of information, registering an account in the
name of another person, or using another person's name, profile picture,
etc.

5.1.2 Spreading false information or content that damages the reputation
or goodwill of others, such as other people’s love life or negative
business information, etc.

5.1.3 Unauthorized publication of other people’s ID number, home
address, medical history, property credit status and other personal
privacy information

**5.2 Intellectual Property and Other Rights**

5.2.1 Publishing content that infringes on the copyright rights of
others, such as videos, photos, graphics, etc., without their
authorization

5.2.2 Infringement of other people’s registered corporate names,
trademarks, trade names, product decorations, etc.

5.2.3 Publishing content that infringes on the patent rights of others
without their authorization, such as promising to sell, etc.

5.2.4 Unauthorized disclosure of commercial secrets or other
confidential information

5.2.5 Posting content to intentionally spread information about
counterfeit or inferior goods

## **VI. Violation Handling**

6.1 Identification criteria

If any of the following conditions are met, the user may be deemed to
have violated the rules:

6.1.1 Violations of this specification found during manual investigation

6.1.2 Xiaohongshu algorithm system checks the data within a certain
period and captures abnormal data

6.2 Violation handling measures

Xiaohongshu will independently determine to take one or a combination of
the following measures based on the facts it independently identifies
(the nature and severity of the violation, etc., the same below):

6.2.1 Content processing: deduct cheating data a. limit the scope of
display c. prohibit display d. pursue legal responsibility in accordance
with the law

6.2.2 Account processing Restrict account functions, such as: cheating
accounts cannot apply to be creators b. Restrict display scope c.
Account mute d. Account ban e. Pursue legal responsibility in accordance
with the law

 

## **7. Friendly Links**

7.1 Community Convention: Xiaohongshu Community Convention

7.2 Commercial Promotion Notes: Promotion Notes Community Guidelines

When Xiaohongshu violates community norms, the Xiaohongshu platform will
handle and notify the offending content and users accordingly. If you
have any objections to the handling results, you can submit feedback
through APP-Help and Customer Service-Notes/Account Complaints.

At the same time, maintaining the community environment requires the
joint efforts of all the little potatoes. We welcome the little potatoes
to report any content that may violate the rules with one click.

Xiaohongshu platform will continuously adjust and modify community norms
based on laws and regulations and community management experience. In
order to maintain a good community atmosphere, the platform has the
right to deal with any behavior that violates community norms or
disrupts the community ecological order in accordance with community
norms.

 

Hundreds of millions of users share their life experiences on the
Xiaohongshu platform. These sharings are sincere and friendly, neutral
and objective, which Xiaohongshu has always cherished and is proud of.
The maintenance of the community atmosphere is inseparable from the
joint efforts of the community and all users, and requires everyone to
further create and maintain it together. To this end, in addition to the
requirements of laws, regulations and public order and good customs,
Xiaohongshu and users agree on a community code of conduct that everyone
must abide by, act in accordance with the convention, and achieve
sincere sharing and friendly interaction. It also agrees with merchants
and brands to operate sincerely and create with heart.

Please respect originality and share real content. When sharing and
communicating on Xiaohongshu, please ensure that the materials used come
from your own experience or creation. If you need to learn from others,
please make sure you have the right to use them. At the same time,
please ensure the authenticity of all materials, which is the basic
premise of communication. If you need to reprint, please obtain the
other party's consent and indicate the source. If you are sponsored or
facilitated by a merchant during the sharing and creation process,
please state that the interested users will make consumption decisions
in the community based on everyone's sharing. Please respect and protect
their right to know (please let them do so under transparent
information). Related interest declarations usually do not affect your
reputation. We have observed that authors who actively inform are more
likely to receive positive feedback from fans as long as the content
they share is sincere and well-intentioned. At the same time, please try
to be objective and neutral in your daily sharing. Please avoid showing
off your consumption ability that is far beyond that of ordinary people.
Wealth is hard-won and is still scarce for most people. So if you have
relatively more wealth, please be empathetic in the process of sharing
consumption, take the initiative to take into account the feelings of
others, avoid waste, and respect workers/service providers. Xiaohongshu
community has a lot of content sharing the consumption process and
results, providing reference and suggestions for everyone, so "whether
it is useful to others" will be an important criterion for judging
"showing off wealth" behavior. Fiction and fabrication of consumption
capacity far beyond ordinary people will also become the focus of
platform governance. Please share scientifically proven content Science
is a powerful method to guide us to understand the world and ourselves,
and it has greatly changed our daily lives. Science can be repeated by
experiments and can be verified and falsified, making it highly reliable
in summarizing laws and predicting trends. However, the shadow of
pseudoscience is still hidden in the fields of health advice and
commercial propaganda. If you want to share your experience in these
fields, please make sure the content is scientific. Please try to avoid
excessive modification, especially in the fields of beauty, dressing,
store exploration, etc., which provide advice to others. The core reason
why Xiaohongshu community is popular and prosperous for a long time is
that there is a group of members who are willing to provide sincere
advice and help to others in the community. They continue to share real
and multi-angle content. Everyone loves beauty. You can beautify the
content of your notes moderately, but please remember that the content
you share may be used as a basis for decision-making by others at any
time. Therefore, the degree of modification and beautification should be
measured by not misleading. Please do not share content that is overly
nude or sexually suggestive. The community explicitly prohibits the
posting of nude or sexually suggestive content. If your sharing is for
educational, medical purposes, or public interests such as gender
equality, please strictly abide by ethical standards and avoid content
that is suggestive, provocative, or causes bad associations as much as
possible. Whether it is appropriate to talk about topics related to sex
and the body, the judgment standard is reversed, and it is based on
whether the audience feels it is appropriate. This requires the sharer
to take the initiative to take responsibility. Please do not impersonate
others. Xiaohongshu is a UGC community with a large number of ordinary
users. We are committed to encouraging ordinary users to participate in
sharing, so the community will not protect specific names. The community
allows duplicate names, but please do not impersonate others. Please do
not easily use your influence to make accusations or publish
inflammatory remarks. If you have a certain number of fans in the
Xiaohongshu community, it means that you have a certain public
influence. Please do not abuse this influence. If you think you have
been treated unfairly or violated by other members of the community,
please first seek help from the community complaint channel or resort to
law. Please use your influence to fight back and make accusations with
caution. Please avoid using exaggeration, curiosity and other means to
attract users to click. Please share content that matches the title.
Using exaggerated and curious titles and covers is an insincere sharing
behavior, and the Xiaohongshu community will also moderately regulate
this. Sharers should not be lucky, and please continue to accumulate
fans through sincere sharing. Please do not give people medical and
investment advice easily. Medical and investment are related to the
personal health and property safety of users. The corresponding advice
and guidance should be given or received by professionals or in
professional places. If any user shares content involving medical and
investment topics, please indicate the words "not involving
medical/investment advice" in a prominent position. When professionals
share medical information, it is recommended to actively state the field
of their work or research, share comprehensively and objectively, and do
not publish information that has not been tested by evidence-based
medicine; when users without relevant qualifications share medical
information, please avoid exaggerating their experience and do not give
others medication/treatment advice at will. Eliminate sharing behaviors
that violate social morality such as guiding the abuse of drugs and
excessive hoarding of scarce drugs and other livelihood resources.
Everyone has different risk tolerance, capital, mentality, cycle, and
needs, so any investment advice given to others in the community is
actually one-sided. Please do not give others investment and financial
advice easily, and be cautious when referring to such experience
sharing. Please respect others If your sharing involves others, please
adhere to the principle of voluntariness and respect the privacy,
portrait, reputation and other rights of others; If your sharing
involves the deceased, please take the initiative to consider the
dignity and privacy of the parties and their families; If your sharing
involves minors, please pay special attention to and give priority to
their privacy and personal information; As a parent, please do not share
nude photos and videos of children; If your sharing involves vulnerable
groups, please empathize with the other party's situation to the
greatest extent and maintain the dignity of the other party.  
Please respect users and their shared content Respecting others and
their achievements is the basic premise of communication between people.
Please treat sincere sharing with friendly interaction. In interacting
with others, no reason can be an excuse for improper behavior or
impoliteness. Please encourage ordinary people to speak and share. The
Xiaohongshu community is still growing, and more users will pour in.
They come from different regions and have different social and
educational backgrounds. Even though their life experience and creative
ability may be temporarily different from those of professional
creators, this does not mean that they cannot contribute good ideas.
Welcoming, encouraging, and accommodating the speech and sharing of
newcomers and ordinary people is the core value of the Xiaohongshu
community. Please do not hesitate to express your love through likes,
following, etc. Xiaohongshu community encourages everyone to express
love and praise for the sharer, especially when the content he shared is
useful to you. If a certain sharing is useful to you, or you ask for
more specific suggestions, please express your gratitude clearly. Every
sharing that is useful to you has paid a high creative cost behind it,
and the sharer must have invested a lot of time and energy. When you ask
for more specific experience and suggestions through comments or private
messages, no matter whether the other party's reply really answers your
question, please express your gratitude clearly. Don't be a hand-over
party, and don't treat the sharer as a tool. Please do not maliciously
speculate on the motives of the sharer. Questioning and asserting the
motives of the speaker is the "most unethical" behavior in discussion
and interaction, and it is a discussion killer. Not questioning motives
is actually "not questioning people, but things". Motivation is not a
fact and is difficult to verify. If you disagree with the other party's
content, please refute it by presenting facts and logic, rather than
asserting the speaker's purpose or motivation. The motivation of users
sharing should not be the primary criterion for us to judge the quality
of content. Please think from the perspective of others and communicate
in a friendly manner. The Xiaohongshu community has a large number of
diverse users, and it is normal for everyone to interact with people
from different backgrounds. Different users usually form different views
and opinions on the same things due to different facts and different
positions. In addition, experience sharing is a common behavior in the
Xiaohongshu community, which usually shows a certain degree of
subjectivity and tendency, which is also the objective law of such
content creation. If the content of the sharer does not match your
experience and opinion, please try to restore the sharer's situation and
empathize with his mood before making an evaluation. Please interact
based on the content. In general, appearance, figure, and age are not
necessary elements for discussion. Please pay attention to the content
of the sharer itself and discuss and interact based on the content. The
age, figure or other physiological characteristics of the sharer are
neither the basis for whether the sharing is valuable nor the evidence
for whether the experience and efficacy are reliable. Of course, we also
encourage generous praise for the appearance and figure of the sharer in
appropriate occasions. Please use the Report and Dislike buttons to tell
us about the content that makes you feel uncomfortable. If the content
in the community makes you feel uncomfortable, offended, or feels
untrue, or you think it may have a negative impact or harm on others,
especially minors, please be sure to tell us about it through the
functions provided by the community to avoid expanding potential harm.  
The platform respects and protects the creative assets of merchants and
brands. Creativity is the crystallization of wisdom and aesthetics. Only
by fully respecting and protecting creative assets can we continue to
create, continuously generate new and diverse values, bring consumers
the joy of discovery, and keep the community alive. The platform will
continue to upgrade the intellectual property protection mechanism for
merchants and brands' IP, original designs, and content, so that
merchants and brands can truly focus on innovation and not be affected
by infringements such as plagiarism. Please use professional accounts
for authentication and operate in the community with a clear and
definite identity. Buyers and sellers are not naturally equal in terms
of information, and it is difficult for consumers to have a deep
understanding of the qualifications, goods and service quality behind
the merchants. In order to protect the rights and interests of
consumers, the platform provides a professional account authentication
function to verify and authenticate the identity of merchants and
protect consumers' right to know information such as transaction
qualifications, historical transactions and evaluations. Based on the
professional account system, merchants and brands can also better
identify themselves to users to conduct business operations, and enjoy a
series of platform tools to empower, reduce trust costs and transaction
friction, and improve business efficiency. Please share the products or
services you have created with community users through content. In
Xiaohongshu, notes or live broadcasts are more accurate and low-cost
ways to reach and connect with consumers. Hundreds of millions of users
have established connections on Xiaohongshu through notes and other
forms. Even with niche interests, aesthetics and products, they can
always accurately find like-minded "fellow travelers". At the same time,
the constantly accumulated content can also shape a better merchant or
brand image and better continue to be exposed in the community. Please
introduce your products and services truthfully and objectively. A
stable and prosperous business ecosystem comes from customer trust.
Please use the standard that the products or services received by users
are consistent with the seller's description, standardize your product
or service introduction, and the information conveyed in communication,
and do not over-embellish or exaggerate. At the same time, in a fair
two-way exchange, bring users an experience that meets or exceeds
expectations, and users will return with trust and word of mouth. This
is a sincere suggestion for long-term operation in the Xiaohongshu
community. Please complete the transaction within the platform to
protect the rights and interests of both buyers and sellers. Friction
and disputes in the transaction process are unavoidable. When the
transaction occurs within the platform, Xiaohongshu is able to act as a
neutral third party to protect the rights and interests of both parties.
At the same time, this also allows Xiaohongshu to better enable
merchants and brands to continue to connect with users, helping more
emerging formats and high-quality merchants and brands grow here. Please
do not direct transactions outside the site in personal pages, comments,
private messages, etc.

Please seek content cooperation with creators through the Dandelion
platform. Content cooperation with creators is also a match between
supply and demand. The platform has more comprehensive information and
understanding of the creators' personal style and content audience, and
can give merchants and brands better cooperation matching suggestions
while taking into account efficiency, cost, and adaptability. At the
same time, the platform will ensure the authenticity and quality of the
cooperation content through content review and other means, reduce the
performance risk in the cooperation, and protect the interests and
rights of merchants and brands. In this process, although some expenses
may be incurred, it can ultimately build a healthier and mutually
beneficial cooperation ecology. The platform is a co-builder and part of
a healthy ecology, not a consumer and demander. Please ensure that the
creator's cooperation content is based on real experience and avoid
excessive intervention. Every user has his own lifestyle, aesthetics and
creative style, and has different ways to maintain trust with fans. In
content cooperation, creators help merchants and brands explore
communication points, create content, deliver commercial value and build
influence based on their own style and audience. If the content is false
or untrue, the value of diverse content will lose its foundation. As the
initiator, merchants and brands have the obligation to ensure that the
content of the creators comes from real experience by providing samples
and offline experience. Please do not interfere with the sincere
expression of users excessively, so as to continuously produce
diversified cooperation content that convinces and recognizes consumers.
Please bear and adhere to social values and humanistic care in marketing
behavior. Marketing communication is not only the product value and
brand proposition of a merchant or brand, but also reflects the
corporate philosophy and social responsibility behind it. Therefore,
while serving the needs of consumers well, please do not attract
attention and clicks by skirting the rules, creating gender or group
confrontation, selling anxiety, etc. Please pay attention to protecting
minors and vulnerable groups. Please respect the good business
environment of competitors, which can allow every merchant and brand to
focus on long-term development. However, the unfair competition behavior
of framing opponents through smearing, pulling, malicious reporting,
etc. will only bring losses to both parties and ultimately consume the
trust of consumers. Therefore, please respect your opponents and compete
fairly, and the platform will fully protect merchants and brands from
the impact of malicious competition and operate in the community with
peace of mind.
