*\<* Back

## YY Convention

2010-03-28 15:40:51

(Reorganized and promulgated for implementation on March 28, 2010; first
revised on December 17, 2020; second revised on May 28, 2021)

Users who use Jinhong's products and services (see the definition in
Article 2 for details) must accept this "YY Agreement". In the event of
a conflict between the YY "User Registration Agreement", "YY Software
(Website) License and Service Agreement", YY platform rules and
announcements, websites derived from YY services and other software
corresponding to the user agreements, platform rules and announcements,
etc. accepted by users in specific Jinhong products and services and
this "YY Agreement", the agreements, platform rules and announcements
accepted by users in specific services shall prevail. \### **Chapter 1
General Provisions**

　　 **Article 1** This Convention is specially established to build a
healthy and complete YY network community environment and maintain the
basic order of the YY community. YY users should regulate their behavior
in accordance with this Convention and use the YY community functions in
an orderly manner under the organization of YY officials. **Article 2**
"YY Voice" or "YY" is an Internet cross-platform enriched communication
software developed and operated by Guangzhou Jinhong Network Media Co.,
Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Jinhong Company" or "YY Official").
Jinhong Company has also derived a website group with yy.com as the core
and a series of software and services with YY mobile applications as the
core, and provides YY games, YY dating, chasing play and other software
and network services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Jinhong
Company Products and Services") by itself or through its affiliated
companies or partners. **Article 3** YY Community refers to the Internet
virtual space where YY users use Jinhong Company products and services
for one-way information release and interactive communication. YY
Official and all YY users are members, activity participants and order
maintainers of the YY community.

**Article 4** YY officially provides relevant software and Internet
services, aiming to create a fair, happy, healthy, free and dignified
online home for YY users.

\*\*Chapter 2 YY User

Article 5\*\* Any natural person, legal person or unincorporated
organization that accepts YY's "User Registration Agreement", "YY
Software (Website) License and Service Agreement" (including such
agreements if other Jinhong Company products and services provide
separate such agreements), successfully registers a YY account or
actually uses Jinhong Company's products and services through a YY
account (regardless of whether the account is named "YY No." in the
specific Jinhong Company products and services) is a YY user.

**Article 6** The dignity, freedom and rights of YY users are equally
protected by the YY community. The YY community manages community users
in a graded manner according to certain standards. Users of different
levels enjoy different rights, and the graded standards are open and
transparent.

   　**Article 7** YY users' points and other virtual property are
protected by the YY community. According to the pre-determined and
announced platform rules, certain services, games or other functions may
cause members' points or other virtual property to increase or decrease,
and such legal changes are protected by the YY community.

   　**Article 8** YY users have the right to engage in activities and
express opinions within the YY community in accordance with this
Convention and community rules (including but not limited to YY's "User
Registration Agreement", "YY Software (Website) License and Service
Agreement", YY platform rules and announcements, and other user
agreements and related rules, announcements, etc. corresponding to
Jinhong Company's products and services).

　　**Article 9** The personal privacy of YY users is protected by the
YY community, and the YY community must take strict measures to ensure
that the user's privacy information is not disclosed. Unless the user
agrees, or in accordance with laws and regulations or the requirements
of relevant competent authorities and pre-determined rules, the personal
information and other private information of YY users shall not be
disclosed.

　　**Article 10** YY users must keep their YY accounts and passwords
properly; they should not transfer, rent, lend, give, share or otherwise
transfer their accounts and passwords to others for use or use them
together with others. Users must bear the relevant responsibilities for
the illegal use of their accounts and passwords by others due to the
above-mentioned improper behavior or negligence in custody or due to
hacking. If a user finds that his account is illegally used by others,
he should immediately report it to YY officials or file a complaint.

　　**Article 11** The actions of YY users in accordance with the
community rules shall be protected by the community. YY users who engage
in activities that violate laws, regulations and community rules will be
punished accordingly. Any YY user who is punished has the right to learn
about his or her punishment through the corresponding Jinhong Company
products and services.

　　**Article 12** Any rights of YY users shall be limited to the extent
that they do not affect the same rights of other YY users. Community
rules may make specific provisions for these restrictions.

   　**Article 13** The community rules of the YY community are
formulated by YY officials, and YY users can actively participate in the
discussion, implementation and supervision of the rules. No matter what
the community rules stipulate, it should not affect the YY users'
contractual obligations to comply with the platform rules and
announcements (hereinafter referred to as "platform rules and
announcements") issued by Jinhong Company or its affiliates and partners
according to operational needs and the user agreements signed by YY
users with the providers of specific Jinhong Company products and
services. The YY community rules currently include but are not limited
to the following items:

1\) "General Principles for the Management of Violations in the YY
Community";

2\) "YY Community User Violation Management Rules";

3\) "YY Community Channel Violation Management Rules";

4\) "YY Community User Reporting and Complaint Process";

5\) User agreements, platform rules and announcements corresponding to
Jinhong Company’s products and services.

\*\*Chapter 3 Rules of Speech

Article 14 \*\* YY users' speech (including but not limited to text,
pictures, audio, video, the same below) in the YY community shall not
violate national laws and regulations. Users' speech shall not contain
the following content:

1\) Violation of the basic principles established by the Constitution;

2\) Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting
state power, undermining national unity, and affecting social stability;

3\) Damaging the national honor and interests;

4\) Distorting, vilifying, blaspheming, denying the deeds and spirit of
heroes and martyrs, harming heroes and martyrs, promoting terrorism,
extremism or inciting related activities, inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic
discrimination, and undermining national unity;

5\) Undermining the state's religious policies and promoting evil cults
and feudal superstitions;

6\) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social
stability;

7\) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terror or
instigating crimes;

8\) Insulting or slandering others, or infringing upon the legitimate
rights and interests of others;

9\) Use exaggerated titles, content that is seriously inconsistent with
the title, hype up gossip, scandal, bad deeds, etc., inappropriately
comment on natural disasters, epidemics, major accidents and other
disasters, contain sexual innuendos, sexual provocations, etc. that can
easily cause people to have sexual associations, show blood, horror,
cruelty, etc. that cause physical and mental discomfort, incite
discrimination against groups or regions, promote vulgar, banal, and
kitsch content, may cause minors to imitate unsafe behaviors and violate
social ethics, induce minors to have bad habits, and other content that
may have a negative impact on the network ecology.

10\) Inciting illegal assembly, association, procession, demonstration,
or gathering of crowds to disrupt social order;

11\) Activities carried out in the name of illegal non-governmental
organizations;

12\) Containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative
regulations.

　　**Article 15** The speech of YY users should comply with the
community rules and the regulations of specific Jinhong Company products
and services (including the user agreement, platform rules, operating
policies, etc. under specific Jinhong products and services). Before
speaking, they should understand the relevant regulations of the
products and services and refrain from making remarks that are
inconsistent with the above regulations.

　　**Article 16** YY users should respect the intellectual property
rights of others, shall not plagiarize the works of others, and shall
obtain corresponding authorization when reprinting or using the works of
others.

　　**Article 17** YY users should pay attention to maintaining the
order of the YY community and network ethics, refrain from foul
language, and refrain from screen swiping, malicious microphone
grabbing, and other behaviors that affect others' normal use.

　　**Article 18** YY users should respect the privacy of others and
shall not disclose other people's names, addresses, telephone numbers
and other personal information and other private information unless it
endangers the public interest or with the consent of the parties
involved.

**Article 19:** Without the official permission of YY, it is prohibited
to publish advertisements or other content for the purpose of obtaining
commercial benefits.

       **Article 20** If a YY user publishes illegal speech in the YY
community, YY has the right to delete all or part of the speech and
impose appropriate penalties on the user depending on the circumstances
and the harmful consequences. Deleting illegal speech and imposing
penalties should have clear reasons and be based on community rules.

　　**Article 21** YY official shall, according to the provisions of
this Agreement and/or the specific products and services of Jinhong
Company, freeze or ban the account of the violating user, restrict some
or all functions of the account, deduct the income available under the
user account, etc., depending on the severity of the violation. YY users
shall bear full responsibility for their own speech.

\*\*Chapter 4 Community Management

Article 22\*\* The YY community implements the principle of YY user
autonomy under the YY official organization and supervision.

　　**Article 23** Except for the security supervision and order
maintenance of the YY community, and the powers that must be exercised
by YY officials due to legal or contractual obligations, all other
powers are reserved for YY users to exercise by themselves or their own
management teams. As long as YY users do not violate the YY community
rules, the User Registration Agreement and other contractual
obligations, as well as platform rules and announcements and other
relevant management regulations, YY officials will not interfere with
their exercise of management powers, nor will they have the obligation
to mediate any disputes between YY users.

　　**Article 24** YY officially establishes an order maintenance team
and/or a community management team to inspect and manage the YY
community. Such teams are mainly responsible for ensuring the safety of
the YY community and maintaining and stabilizing the order of the YY
community. YY officially has the right to set up super administrators
(referred to as "super dark horses") and ordinary administrators
(referred to as "ordinary dark horses"). Super administrators and
ordinary administrators are usually full-time employees of YY
officially, and they exercise all management responsibilities and powers
of the YY community.

　　**Article 25** No YY community public official may use his or her
operational authority to interfere with the security supervision of the
YY community and the legal activities of YY users. If any violation
occurs, YY officials have the right to suspend his or her authority or
directly dismiss him or her at any time.

**Chapter V Supplementary Provisions**

　　**Article 26** The validity of this Convention is limited to the
virtual community and shall not be interpreted as affecting the
real-world rights and obligations of YY users or others beyond the scope
of Jinhong Company's products and services. The various provisions of
this Convention shall be based on the basic principle of compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. In the event of any inconsistency, the
applicable laws and regulations shall prevail. The real rights and
obligations of users arising from the use of YY community services are
protected and restricted by applicable laws and regulations, the User
Registration Agreement, the YY Software (Website) License and Service
Agreement and other contracts, as well as various platform rules and
announcements.

　　**Article 27** The right to interpret this Convention belongs to
Jinhong Company. Jinhong Company has the right to continuously improve
it and make it public in a timely manner.

　　**Article 28** In the event of any conflict between any other
provisions or regulations of the YY Community and this Agreement, this
Agreement shall prevail.

　　**Article 29 This Agreement shall be amended and implemented on May
28** , 2021. The provisions of the old version of the YY Agreement shall
be repealed on the same day.

Attachment 0 No attachment information yet.

The green platform environment of "YY Live" needs to be created and
maintained by all users. Please abide by **the "YY Anchor Violation
Management Measures"** and \*\*\*\* "YY Community User Violation
Management Rules" **.** If you have any questions or business
consultation needs, please contact **the "Official Staff"** . Thank you
for your understanding and support. Let us jointly protect the purity
and beauty of the YY Live platform.

YY Live Operation Team

*\<* Back

## YY anchor violation management measures

2021-09-27 20:00:00

\*\*\*\*\*\*1. Overview\*\*\*\*\*\* In order to strengthen the
management of YY live broadcast content, promote the healthy and orderly
development of the YY platform, create a good online live broadcast
ecology, and provide YY users with a healthy and harmonious talent
display and appreciation platform, in accordance with relevant laws and
regulations and the "YY Convention", "Privacy Protection Policy", "YY
Community Violation Management General Rules", and "YY Community Channel
Violation Management Rules", the "YY Anchor Violation Management
Measures" (hereinafter referred to as the "Measures") are revised
(formulated).

These Measures apply to all individuals or organizations (hereinafter
collectively referred to as “YY anchors”) who use YY platform services,
conduct live broadcast activities, and provide live broadcast content
(including but not limited to audio live broadcast, video live
broadcast, and other live broadcast forms that may appear in the future)
on the YY platform. The live broadcast content referred to in these
Measures refers to the content produced and/or published and
disseminated by YY anchors on the YY platform (including but not limited
to audio, video, text, pictures, and other content forms that may appear
in the future).

If the specific rules in the violation management measures separately
formulated for specific categories of live broadcast content conflict
with these Measures, in order to ensure the ecological health of the YY
platform, the more stringent provisions shall prevail.

The deduction basis of the "YY Live Broadcasting Anchor Health Graded
Management Measures" shall be based on the "Measures". The rules and
regulations of the "Measures" will be updated from time to time
according to the situation. The examples mentioned in it do not
represent all situations, but only represent to help you understand and
avoid violations. **Please do not try to find and exploit loopholes in
the rules and regulations. Please understand the original intention of
the following rules and regulations, and do not publish live content
that may violate the rules and regulations.**

**2.** \*\*\*\*\*\*Rules and Regulations\*\*\*\*\*\*

YY anchors must abide by the following rules and regulations, otherwise
they will be subject to corresponding penalties. The severity of the
violation will be determined by the YY platform based on objective
factors such as the intention of the violation, the time of the
violation, the violator, and the impact of the violation, and the YY
anchor will be subject to health score deductions and other penalties.

YY anchors are obliged to ensure a healthy and orderly live broadcast
environment. They are responsible for all content generated by the use
of live broadcast services, including but not limited to live broadcast
covers, live broadcast titles, connected microphone users, microphone
sequence information, channel information, and public screen comments.
If violations occur during live broadcasts, the YY platform will reserve
the right to punish the violators and the anchors at the same time based
on the facts of the violation and the extent of its impact. If the
anchor has any objections, he or she can submit a violation appeal
process, and the platform will verify the facts of the violation, the
severity of the punishment, etc. to make a judgment.

**1. It is strictly prohibited to produce, copy, publish or disseminate
the following illegal or unlawful information:**

1.1 Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;

1.2 Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting
state power, or undermining national unity;

1.3 Damages national honor and interests;

1.4 Distorting, vilifying, blaspheming, denying the deeds and spirit of
heroes and martyrs, insulting, slandering or otherwise infringing upon
the names, portraits, reputations and honors of heroes and martyrs;

1.5 Promote terrorism, extremism, or incite terrorist or extremist
activities;

1.6 Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining
ethnic unity;

1.7 Undermine the state's religious policies and promote cults and
feudal superstitions;

1.8 Spreading rumors and disrupting economic and social order;

1.9 Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or
incite crime;

1.10 Insulting or slandering others, infringing upon others’ reputation,
privacy and other legitimate rights and interests;

1.11 Other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.

**2. Live broadcasting of any behavior or content that violates laws and
regulations is strictly prohibited, such as:**

2.1 Displaying or disseminating obscene or pornographic behavior or
content;

2.2 Using platform gameplay or third-party tools to display, participate
in, or organize gambling-related activities or content;

2.3 Displaying drug samples, methods of smoking or injecting drugs,
explaining drug production, instigating attempts, and any other
drug-related content;

2.4 Organizing, promoting, or inducing users to join pyramid schemes or
unknown organizations suspected of pyramid schemes;

2.5 Actions or content that display or sell weapons of mass destruction,
controlled knives, illegal drugs or equipment tools;

2.6 Spreading suicide games;

2.7 Intentionally injuring or endangering the life and safety of others;

2.8 Eating, hunting, collecting, or selling wild or rare protected
animals and plants, abusing animals, illegally logging, or destroying
fishery resources;

2.9 Using the Party flag, Party emblem, national flag, national emblem,
national anthem and other symbols and content representing the image of
the Party and the country, or conducting live broadcast activities in
the name of major national events, major commemorative days, or state
organs and their staff;

2.10 The content is already on the network blacklist or the banned user
maliciously repeats the broadcast.

**3. It is strictly prohibited to use exaggerated titles, or the content
is seriously inconsistent with the title;**

3.1 The cover or title is misleading, deceptive, or seriously
exaggerated in order to attract users to click;

3.2 The cover or title contains sexual innuendo, sexual provocation, or
content that promotes and glorifies sex trade or sexual harassment;

3.3 Other covers and titles that contain illegal information, are
meaningless, or are meaningless.

**4. It is strictly prohibited to publish content that hypes up gossip,
scandals, bad deeds, etc., for example;**

4.1 Fabricating facts to defame others and affect their life and
reputation;

4.2 Excessive hype of celebrity scandals and entertainment gossip;

4.3 Attacking dissidents and chasing stars without any bottom line;

4.4 Slander, defame or attack others (including users, anchors, guilds,
platforms) by using metaphors (objects, nicknames, etc.), insults,
sarcasm, rumors, exposure of privacy, etc.;

4.5 Actively or instigating fans or visitors to harass or attack others,
such as inciting people to cause trouble in other live broadcast rooms
or maliciously reporting other live broadcast rooms;

4.6 Cyber harassment, improper filming without permission, filming of
private places, exposure of others’ privacy and identity information,
infringement of others’ portrait rights;

4.7 Other acts that cause disturbances and disrupt public order.

**5. Live broadcasts of inappropriate comments on natural disasters,
major accidents and other disasters are strictly prohibited, such as:**

5.1 Fabricating or spreading false or unauthorized dangerous situations,
epidemics, disasters, police situations, current affairs, etc.;

5.2 Posting inappropriate comments that ridicule or entertain natural
disasters, man-made disasters, historical events, etc.;

5.3 Posting negative comments that cause panic and anxiety to others.

**6.** **It is strictly prohibited to publish any sexually suggestive or
provocative content or content that may easily lead to sexual
associations, such as:**

6.1 Performing live shows involving sensitive parts such as breasts,
inner thighs, buttocks, and the outline of sexual organs, imitating
vulgar, pornographic movements, sounds, or performances that are
seductive and provocative, such as striptease, wet dance, and moving the
buttocks in circles;

6.2 Performing sexually suggestive actions such as caressing, pulling,
licking, biting, and slapping, or using props to draw the audience's
attention to sensitive parts of the body, or using sensitive parts of
the body to play games, such as: caressing the body, pulling clothes,
licking and biting cucumbers, sucking bananas, hitting the buttocks,
imitating masturbation gestures, etc.;

6.3 Displaying sex-related products or other objects that explicitly or
implicitly suggest sexual associations, including but not limited to
condoms, underwear, stockings, inflatable dolls, SM props, etc.;

6.4 Displaying vulgar text, links, pictures, music and other
information, or condoning pornographic behavior, leading to vulgar
interactions in the live broadcast room;

6.5 Deliberately showing or shooting at special angles, or performing
actions that may expose the body without avoiding them, such as:
deliberately focusing on sensitive parts, shooting from bottom to top,
following and shooting others, leg broadcasting, raising legs high,
frequently changing sitting positions, etc.;

6.6 Directly or implicitly describe nudity, sexual organs and other
sensitive parts, sexual behavior, sexual process, sexual postures and
other topics of speech that may easily lead to sexual associations;

6.7 Promote or glorify sexual crimes, sexual violence, sex trade, sexual
harassment, sexual insults and other negative topics, such as: tutorials
on hooking up and picking up corpses, one-night stand strategies, SM
gameplay, etc.;

6.8 Detailed description of sex trade venues at home and abroad, sex
workers' experiences or sex trade tutorials, such as the price of sex
workers in a certain red-light district;

6.9 Playing interactive games with sexually suggestive behaviors or
content, such as guessing underwear color, slapping, spanking, etc.;

6.10 Displaying private places, adult places or adult entertainment
scenes, such as nightclubs, bars, saunas and bathing centers, KTVs,
adult product exhibitions, toilets, dressing rooms, etc.;

6.11 Live broadcasting of behaviors or content that may cause people to
have sexual associations or fantasies, such as lying on the bed, sitting
on the bed, or covering themselves with a blanket;

6.12 Men are topless and women deliberately expose their cleavage;

6.13 Wearing sexy uniforms, see-through clothing, tights, underwear as
outerwear, suspenders, one-shoulder necklines, deep V-necks, miniskirts,
belly-exposing clothing, etc.;

6.14 Wearing clothing that is too revealing or that gives the impression
of being too revealing;

6.15 Putting objects into sensitive parts of underwear or other parts of
the body or highlighting the contours of sensitive parts;

6.16 Live broadcast of women breastfeeding;

6.17 Displaying nude scenes from movies, games, popular science
education or artistic works;

6.18 Other sexually suggestive or provocative behaviors or contents.

**7. It is strictly prohibited to show bloody, thrilling, cruel and
other behaviors or contents that cause physical or mental discomfort to
people, such as:**

7.1 Displaying the process of slaughtering animals or any content that
may cause discomfort to others;

7.2 Displaying behaviors or content that may cause discomfort, such as
self-mutilation, bloody violence, disgusting and vulgar behavior, such
as: cutting with a razor blade, eating living things, etc.;

7.3 Films, games, science education, and works of art that contain
excessively bloody and violent content;

7.4 Displaying dangerous behaviors or content without any safeguards or
reminders;

7.5 Live broadcast of natural disasters and social emergencies that may
cause personal safety, such as typhoons, earthquakes, floods, fires,
traffic accidents, etc.;

7.6 Motor vehicle drivers are prohibited from live streaming while
driving. The co-driver is not allowed to interfere with the driver in
any way during driving, and is not allowed to violate traffic rules such
as drunk driving, running red lights, speeding, etc.

7.7 Makes uncomfortable sounds such as deliberate screaming, malicious
electric current, etc.

**8. It is strictly prohibited to engage in any behavior or content that
incites discrimination against groups or regions, such as:**

8.1 Any behavior or content that pranks, ridicules, insults, or abuses
women, people with disabilities, ethnic minorities, or a group of people
with a disease;

8.2 Participate in or create the above topics, encourage fans, tourists,
and users to participate in related topics, such as: Disabled people
should give up their seats when getting on the bus, what the hell,
people with AIDS should die, etc.;

8.3 Producing or broadcasting materials, pictures and texts about
discrimination.

**9. It is strictly prohibited to promote vulgar, banal, and kitsch
content, such as:**

9.1 Promote behaviors or content that glorify unethical relationships,
bizarre fetishes, celebrity sex lives, and other negative values, such
as: extramarital affairs, polygamy, "sugar daddy" relationships,
pedophilia, and foot fetishism;

9.2 Content that promotes and glorifies improper views on love and
marriage, consumption, and values, and violates the bottom line of
morality and public morality;

9.3 Content that is broadcast live from inappropriate or unsuitable
places such as cemetery funerals, bad wedding pranks, and medical
pranks;

9.4 Content that uses heavy, abnormal and unrestrained performances to
attract attention;

9.5 During the live broadcast, the host should actively avoid using bad
language in his speech to avoid causing bad and vulgar effects on the
overall performance;

9.6 Scribbling on the face or body, or creating vulgar or indecent
makeup;

9.7 Other vulgar and indecent content.

**10. Any behavior or content that may cause minors to imitate unsafe
behaviors, violate social ethics, or induce minors to develop bad habits
is strictly prohibited, such as:**

10.1 Where minors appear on camera or are the subject of live broadcasts
without the consent of their guardians;

10.2 Nudity of minors;

10.3 Inducing or instigating minors to make top-ups, rewards, or private
transactions through various means;

10.4 Promote extravagance and waste in any form;

10.5 Display of large-scale tattoos;

10.6 Displaying bad lifestyles such as smoking and drinking;

10.7 Live broadcasts involve any behavior that disrupts normal public
order, such as making noise, damaging public facilities, etc.;

10.8 Other inappropriate behaviors or contents that may be imitated by
minors.

**11. It is strictly prohibited to broadcast entertainment content such
as serious political, military, heroic and martyr content, for
example:**

11.1 Actively broadcast or inactively consume current affairs news
content;

11.2 Discuss politically sensitive topics;

11.3 Displaying content containing national image logo elements in the
live broadcast room;

11.4 Wearing uniforms of personnel of the People's Republic of China's
state organs or the military for entertainment purposes, such as police
uniforms, military camouflage uniforms, urban management security
uniforms, etc.;

11.5 Display of military sites, places of punishment, official places
and other sensitive places;

11.6 Wearing a full-face mask or hood that resembles that of a terrorist
or special agent;

11.7 Display content related to heroes and martyrs.

**12. Live broadcasting of anti-scientific and superstitious behaviors
and content is strictly prohibited, such as:**

12.1 Live broadcast of anti-science and feudal superstitious content,
such as fortune-telling, Buddha amulets, feng shui, Ouija board, pen
fairy, chopstick fairy, etc.;

12.2 Contents that promote supernatural powers, ghosts, and spirits;

12.3 Using feudal superstitious content to gain profit;

12.4 Online preaching, display of items or clothing with obvious
religious attributes;

12.5 Other behaviors and contents that violate science.

**13. It is strictly prohibited to promote prohibited goods, false
advertising, induce downloads, etc., for example:**

13.1 Posting, promoting, or displaying goods prohibited by state orders
and false advertisements in any way, such as medical devices, medicines
and herbs, gambling, Q coin and Y coin swiping, adult products, firearms
and ammunition, controlled knives, adult movies, cloud disk ads, sex
products, health care, tobacco, illegal drugs, STD treatment ads, etc.;

13.2 Actively or instigating, allowing management to place or promote
any advertising information in the live broadcast screen, microphone
sequence, public screen and other customized information areas of the
live broadcast room without reporting;

13.3 Live broadcast of fraudulent courses or lectures;

13.4 Live broadcasting of any stock recommendation in an individual
form, including but not limited to guiding users to sign stock trading
guidance agreements, investment consulting contracts, collecting
consulting fees or guidance fees, etc., using live broadcasting to
illegally operate securities business or facilitate illegal activities;

13.5 Other unqualified sales activities.

**14. It is strictly prohibited to broadcast any behavior or content
that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or
problematic works, such as:**

14.1 Live broadcast of unauthorized games without a version number;

14.2 Unauthorized pirated broadcasting or rebroadcasting of content
owned by others, such as live broadcasts of other anchors, short videos
produced by others, and unauthorized variety shows, movies, TV series,
animations, concerts, large-scale events, etc.;

14.3 Live broadcast of games, movies and TV programs that are on the
banned list or are problematic works;

14.4 Use cheats in the game that interfere with other people's normal
gaming.

**15. Any behavior or content that damages the interests of this
platform is strictly prohibited, such as:**

15.1 Using the platform's name to conduct commercial activities without
the platform's permission, or impersonating a media, TV station,
reporter, etc. to conduct live broadcast activities;

15.2 Attacking platform personnel or the platform in any way, causing
adverse effects on the platform;

15.3 Promote and divert traffic to similar product platforms;

15.4 Low-quality, meaningless content, such as black screen, sleeping
during live broadcast, long-term freeze frame, etc.;

15.5 Live broadcasts of professional content that have not been reported
to the platform, such as breeding, education, and answers to questions
in professional fields;

15.6 Other live broadcast content that has a negative impact on the
platform ecology.

\*\*\*\*\*\*III. Processing Mechanism\*\*\*\*\*\* If any illegal
behavior or content as shown in the "Rules and Regulations" above occurs
during the live broadcast, the platform will make a comprehensive
judgment based on objective factors such as the intention of the
violation, the time of the violation, the violator, the impact of the
violation, etc., and deduct points (please refer to the table below for
the intensity of the deduction) and impose penalties in the
corresponding score range. Penalties for illegal behavior include but
are not limited to warnings for disabling audio and video services,
warnings for kicking out of the live broadcast room, interrupting or
restricting the live broadcast function, deleting relevant illegal
information, restricting relevant resources, deducting or freezing
commissions, banning or permanently freezing relevant accounts and live
broadcast rooms, restricting or permanently restricting the broadcast of
relevant identity information, and other disposal measures.

In addition to the above measures, the YY platform reserves the right to
proactively report YY anchors who have committed serious violations to
the online blacklist and transfer them to judicial authorities in
accordance with the law.

 

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th></th>
<th>Severe (score cleared)</th>
<th>Moderate (10-20 points)</th>
<th>Mild (1-10 points)</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1. It is strictly prohibited to produce, copy, publish or
disseminate the following illegal or unlawful information</td>
<td>√</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2. Live broadcast of behaviors and content that violate laws and
regulations is strictly prohibited</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3. It is strictly forbidden to use exaggerated titles, or the
content is seriously inconsistent with the title.</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>4. It is strictly prohibited to publish content that hypes up
gossip, scandals, bad deeds, etc.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5. Live broadcasts of inappropriate comments on natural disasters,
major accidents and other disasters are strictly prohibited.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>6. It is strictly prohibited to publish any content or behavior that
is sexually suggestive or provocative, or that may easily lead to sexual
associations.</td>
<td></td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>7. It is strictly prohibited to show bloody, thrilling, cruel and
other behaviors or content that may cause physical or mental discomfort
to others.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>8. Any behavior or content that incites discrimination against
groups or regions is strictly prohibited.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>9. It is strictly prohibited to promote vulgar, banal, and kitsch
content.</td>
<td></td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10. Any behavior or content that may cause minors to imitate unsafe
behaviors, violate social ethics, or induce minors to develop bad habits
is strictly prohibited.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>11. It is strictly prohibited to broadcast entertainment content
such as serious political, military, and heroic content</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>12. Live broadcast of anti-scientific and superstitious behavior and
content is strictly prohibited</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>13. It is strictly prohibited to promote banned products, engage in
false advertising, induce downloads, etc.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>14. Live broadcast of any behavior or content that infringes on the
intellectual property rights of others or problematic works is strictly
prohibited.</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15. Any behavior or content that damages the interests of this
platform is strictly prohibited</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
<td>√</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

\*\*\*\*\*\*IV. Supplementary Provisions\*\*\*\*\*\* 1. This regulation
is promulgated by Guangzhou Jinhong Network Media Co., Ltd. The final
right of interpretation belongs to Jinhong Company. Jinhong Company has
the right to modify this regulation and make it effective after public
announcement.

2\. For details on the anchor health score system and rules, please see
the "YY Live Anchor Health Score Tier Management Measures".

3\. This regulation shall take effect from the date of promulgation.

 

Attachment 0 No attachment information yet.

The green platform environment of "YY Live" needs to be created and
maintained by all users. Please abide by **the "YY Anchor Violation
Management Measures"** and \*\*\*\* "YY Community User Violation
Management Rules" **.** If you have any questions or business
consultation needs, please contact **the "Official Staff"** . Thank you
for your understanding and support. Let us jointly protect the purity
and beauty of the YY Live platform.

YY Live Operation Team
