Zhanqi Platform Content Standards Regulations Return\>\>

**Chapter I General Provisions**

Article 1 These rules are formulated to build Zhanqi Live into a
healthy, complete and harmonious live broadcast community and to
maintain the basic order of the Zhanqi Live platform.

Article 2 Scope of Application: These regulations apply to all live
broadcast rooms on the Zhanqi live broadcast platform.

Article 3 Division of Responsibilities: The anchors of Zhanqi Live
Broadcast Platform shall bear full responsibility for the content, order
and member management of their live broadcast rooms.

**Chapter II Violations and Penalties**

Article 1 prohibits any form of broadcasting or promotion of
pornographic, violent, bloody, negative and reactionary content, as well
as other content that is expressly prohibited by other countries.
Violation of the prohibition penalty: The live broadcast room will be
permanently closed. Those with serious circumstances will be referred to
judicial authorities.

Article 2: It is prohibited to broadcast copyrighted movies, TV series
and other audio-visual content; it is prohibited to broadcast
unauthorized sports game-related content. Penalties for violations:
pop-up warnings, live broadcast room suspension for 2h24h to permanent.

Article 3 It is prohibited to publish false information. It is
prohibited to borrow money from others, ask for passwords or other
information involving property through the Zhanqi live broadcast
platform (live broadcast, private message, barrage, etc.). Violation
penalty: The live broadcast room will be blocked for 24 hours to
permanent. Those with serious circumstances will be transferred to the
judicial authorities.

Article 4: It is prohibited to promote links to other live broadcast
platforms in any form. It is prohibited to broadcast or promote game
competitions that are not copyrighted by Zhanqi Live and the copyright
is not public. Penalties for violations: pop-up warnings, live broadcast
room suspension for 2h24h to permanent.

Article 5 It is prohibited to broadcast content that does not conform to
the current live broadcast classification type. The definition of the
anchor's live broadcast content is defined by the size of the live
broadcast screen. In the current live broadcast classification, the
anchor must broadcast the current classification content to occupy 2/3
of the screen, such as the waiting time for games such as League of
Legends and DOTA2. The anchor can temporarily insert other content but
must show the waiting time in the live broadcast screen. For example:
Under the League of Legends category, an anchor turns on the camera to
broadcast live, and the game screen must occupy 2/3 of the live
broadcast page. If the anchor wants to watch a movie, he must
immediately adjust the classification to the game screening room.
Prohibition penalties: pop-up warnings, live broadcast room closure for
2h24h to permanent, and the live broadcast time record of the contracted
anchor on that day is invalidated.

Article 6: It is prohibited to play video content that the copyright
owner has declared prohibited from being broadcast. Penalty for
violation: pop-up warning, live broadcast room suspension for 2h24h.

Article 7 It is prohibited to broadcast other content that has been
banned by Zhanqi management staff. Penalty for violation: pop-up
warning, live broadcast room suspension for 2h24h to permanent.

Article 8: It is prohibited to buy fake popularity. Violation penalties:
pop-up warning, live broadcast room suspension for 2h24h or permanently.

Article 9 It is prohibited to obtain gifts, Zhanqi coins, gold coins and
gold beans through illegal means. It is prohibited to obtain virtual
income related to wealth, including but not limited to gifts, Zhanqi
coins, gold coins, gold beans, fireworks, cars and guardians, etc.
through illegal means (including but not limited to registering false
user accounts, etc.). Prohibition penalty: The live broadcast room will
be blocked for 24 hours to permanent, and Zhanqi Live Broadcast Platform
has the right to deduct all the user's income. In serious cases, it will
be transferred to the judicial authorities. If losses are caused to
Zhanqi Live Broadcast Platform, Zhanqi Live Broadcast Platform has the
right to take measures to demand compensation.

Article 10 The anchor has the obligation to maintain order in the live
broadcast room during the live broadcast, and any viewers who violate
the rules (sending messages involving insults, humiliation, rumors,
pornography, advertising, etc.) must be dealt with within 1 minute. The
anchor can set up a room manager to assist in managing the order of the
live broadcast room. Prohibited penalties: pop-up warning, cancellation
of recommendation.

Article 11: It is prohibited to publicize or publish any third-party
platform accounts (including but not limited to Weibo, WeChat, etc.)
other than the live broadcast room of Zhanqi Live Broadcast Platform in
any form. Penalty for violation: pop-up warning, live broadcast room
suspension for 2h24h to permanent.

**Chapter 3 Other Notes**

Article 1 Recommended Standards for Zhanqi Home Page

1\. The host has superb gaming skills, is humorous in conversation, and
the audience atmosphere is enthusiastic.

2\. The live broadcast quality must be clear and smooth. Competitive
events must be accompanied by background music and not noisy.

3\. The live broadcast content should be positive and the host's
additional content (such as pictures, text, camera) should be
beautifully laid out, and the camera image should not exceed 1/9 of the
screen.

Article 2 The final right of interpretation of this specification
belongs to Zhanqi Live Platform. Zhanqi Live Platform has the right to
modify this specification, and the modified specification will take
effect from the date of public announcement.

Article 3 These rules shall come into force on the date of publication
on March 6, 2015.
